To all the losers out there boycotting Nike & destroying their Nike gear in protest: LMFAO! Idiots. Theyve already got your money!! So, please, go ahead.
you took a knee!!! You've LOST...many many LOYAL Patriotic Americans!! ALL YOUR RIGHTS, FREEDOMS and privileges...are given to YOU by the REAL SACRIFICES of the American HEROES...OUR flag/anthem represent!!
I look forward to 50 yrs from now when school textbooks talk about peaceful protesters against racist and have MLK and Kaepernick next to each other
A pathetic choice of a roll model....
Taking a knee is very dis-respectful. But I am not boycotting the NFL. I'm not burning my Nike shoes and gear. Don't agree with Nike. Will not buy Nike in the future. But it's genius for Nike to go controversial, free marketing. Makes U Think.
If I served in the military, I WOULD BE LIVID!!!......if a certain segment of Americans weren't given the same rights and basic freedoms that my fellow soldiers and I fight and die to protect.
Soooooo those people on board this do realize that they're exercising their rights of freedom of speech/peaceful protests in the same way is doing, but is being raked over the coals for, right? The hypocrisy is blinding.
"This is the last gasp of the angry, racist, White man," says regarding Right wing reactions to on :
People are destroying their sneakers and socks because they say NFL players protesting are disrespecting the flag. These people should not call themselves patriots if they support a draft-dodging President who was forced to lower the flag to half-staff for a veteran.
Still waiting on these clowns to cite when a man of his own free will publicly kneeling represented something other than respect, reverence or submission.
Exactly bub. Its a counter thing! Its a two way street. Also, in this country, we drive on THE RIGHT SIDE OF THE ROAD!!
Get over yourself. Since when did you become such an advocate for the police? You and the rest of the self-righteous conservatives need to get your underwear out of a knot over this thing.
Nikes no stranger to controversy, but this one pushes even their own boundaries. Bold stance to be on the right side of history, or a calculated move driven by an undeniable insight into their customer base?
Nothing says it better right?
all Nike Protestors, the best way to protest is to burn all your apparel!!!!Note: you must be *wearing* said apparel while burning it if you really wanna own the libs
Wow, you hire one anti-murder activist & every right-winger turns into Michael Moore.
"Freedom of speech"
Ijs this right here yall mf racist and this your go to outfit, news source, and pass time
Hey you really Believing in Sacrificing Everything must mean is paying you NOTHING Right?
Noted NFL expert analyst & Iranian tyrant Mahmoud Ahmadinejad (also gay/lesbian mass murderer) fully supports the choice 4 company spokesman
thanks for making me choose my country first!
Thank you, for standing on the right side of history. The is for patriotism pretenders.
Dear folks. I am a vet and would appreciate it if you would donate your shoes and clothes made by Nike to military vets. If you have any Jordans in size 13 my son would love them too. We vets uphold the constitution. Thank god for free speech.
Of course they do. So, send them your clothes! If you can't find a charity, CREATE ONE!Why are you fighting this? This is a no-brainer. If you're pissed, protest! Get rid of your clothes. But donate, don't destroy.
needs to know there are more important shoes than theirs. .PLEASE RT freely and boldly. Music: The Last Warrior, Our Music BoxDisclaimer: This falls within the Fair Use Copyright Act, 1976
You think is donating his time free to ! Not!
Hey took a knee, so they burn shit. Might one say the irony and beauty of freedom of speech?
Well, this probably means that both sides will join the now, The right because of the ad the left because they do business with the Trump Organization.
I hope the other protesters throw their shoes into a or box instead of burning them. Some homeless man/woman could get some brand new footwear. Film that.
Everyone is destroying their socks/shoes/etc. Why not go to a homeless/poor person that cant afford shoes and hand them right over? Theres not really any excuses to destroy something especially when youve already given money to Nike for those items.
Colin Kaepernick made a total of $45 million dollars while in the NFL, and yet talks about how he was oppressed. Pat Tillman left the NFL to fight against a Muslim caliphate, and sacrificed his life for our freedom.Who should be the face of Nike?
I love America and the freedom of expression and speech - However, why not donate the footwear to homeless veterans?
Instead of burning your Nike apparel, why not give it to the homeless veterans yall care about? Oh wait, thats right. A lot of yall really dont give a shit and find pleasure in burning things especially your money
How is burning gear you already paid for any kind of boycott? Says something for the intellectual underpinnings of the other team, right?
No. He didn't attack. He said he personally disagreed with 's / decision re: but that the company was free to run its business as they see fit. Because it's a free country. So stop LYING.
Why did wait to start protesting AFTER he got benched?its a puzzler
Time to burn your Levis, right-wingers. Between this and the Nikes youre going to be naked except for your hats (which are made in China, btw).
Even our protests are split down the party line - Conservatives protest by destroying their own property that they paid for, as is their right. Liberals cover their face with a bandana and destroy other peoples property
All these dumb white bois burning their thinkin, imma protest and hurt Nikes profits. Bro, you ever seen a man of colors closet? ...Bro, you ever seen a man of color?
Those beautiful people who are protesting by burning their Nike shoes,plz put in your feet also. Thanks
Best protest ever... go to local Nike store and kneel.
Your mother is right!
Y'all realize some of this Nike anger also stems from them going to bat for Serena last week, right? It is just that the outrage would have been really suspect.
Ok..if a brand such as Nike can drop a spokesperson because of bad choices, why can't the NFL drop Nike?
Hurry up people that are currently participating in , is making an effort to reduce gun violence. Time to burn your jeans, right???
The reaction was quick. Nike stock fell 3 percent on the news. became a trending hashtag on Twitter. Reports popped up of Nike gear-burning and other protests.
Day one, item/business number 1,863 has been attempted to be boycotted by Trump supporters. I have not been forced to kneel for something I don't understand, nor have I been turned into a BLM protestor/socialism supporter. It's as if this boycott is dumb/frivolous.
So the people are protesting because they disagree with black America, yet they wont shut the fuck up about , two artists who have made names for themselves out of the music most popular in black America. K.
This is the reason Kap is kneeling. This. Right. Here.
Dont worry about supporters you boycott the military and taxes. We need to seperate and they need to go back to Europe it's simple. Human and indigenous rights.
Stick to fitness and lifestyle. Dont get soiled by issues that these protests are doing nothing to fix. Go to real people on the streets of Chicago that are trying everything in their power to change the situation and feature them. No more Nikes for me for now.
This is America, dont you protest when something is unjust too?
Nike you got free advertising, smart, and I still buy your products
They cant be serious... after coming to a consensus to prevent protests in the first place this year, the NFL now wants to hop on board the Kaepernick train? Who is their head of PR and why isnt he/she fired???
Parents are burning their kids cool, new for the first day of school, expensive Nike shoes to teach them to respect that black athletes shouldnt have a voice, even when its silent. We all know the best way to protest a protest is to trash your kids stuff.
I'm sure there's a veterans organization somewhere that would be thrilled by the donation.I'm not f-ing with you, I'm completely serious. And I'm not baiting you, or debating you. Help someone. Make your protest MEAN something.
To those throwing out their stuff because is their new spokesperson: You don't like him because he used his free speech to kneel for a cause he believed in. You're burning your Nike stuff for a cause you believe in. Do you see it yet?
Would you rather support sweatshop labor or anti-racism protests in the NFL? What a time to be alive.
I thinks it funny when white people protest they still buy the companies products just too burn it
So let me get this straight, who got a top 10% nationwide public education, a free ride to college, and hasnt had a full time job in in over a year but still has a Nike sponsorship is going to imply any sort of sacrifice? What ‚Äòsacrifice?
you guys dont get upset about this but kneeling is the biggest issue right now?. I guarantee that none of you guys stand up during the national anthem when youre watching it on TV. You guys are in bunch of Twitter patriots . isnt going anywhere.
needs to know there are more important shoes than theirs. .PLEASE, RT freely and boldly. Music: The Last Warrior, Our Music BoxDisclaimer: This falls within the Fair Use Copyright Act, 1976
Please explain how burning your shoes as part of the is different from silently kneeling in protest. Oh wait, the kneeling is peaceful and non violent.
I won't lie this shits got me buzzing how ya'll protesting in such a 1st world problem type way like damn if you ain't wanting them do something else don't burn them give em to some homeless motherfucker on the street he/she might be more grateful than your ass
Conservatives do not know how to boycott. Remember that one Christmas where they bought Starbucks in protest to the holiday cups....yeah...
THAT'S ABOUT RIGHT....ISN'T IT LEFT?
Some idiot somewhere right now is having a very real crisis of conscience
The irony of this is they now protesting because a man protested
needs to know there are more important shoes than theirs. .PLEASE RT freely and boldly. Music: The Last Warrior, Our Music BoxDisclaimer: This falls within the Fair Use Copyright Act, 1976
Anyone protesting , I'll bear the burden and take your items from you. Preferably if you feel like protesting shorts and size 12 (uk) trainers. Hell, I'll even take some t-shirts from you.You're welcome.
To people using service members photos to protest Colin Kaepernick being named spokesperson: stop exploiting their sacrifice. You dont know their view on his kneeling.Also, the military does not own heroism. Sincerely, A Marine Corps veteran
As a military dependent I am fine with protesting police brutality by kneeling (AS ONE DOES IN CHURCH IN RESPECT) during the national anthem. Anyone complaining about it has a screw loose.
it's fitting that the same people who got upset over a trivial thing are protesting it in the most trivial way possible. Nike has done heinous things (like children in sweatshops) but defending one's right to protest is not one of them.
Don't you love it when the far left, like idiots at , shoot out a boomerang that comes back to smack their hypocritical head right between the eyes? rejected quarterback only known for wearing SOCKS w/COP AS PIGS
I salute you, Emily. I too love my country & support our troopsI support for his principled stance which caused him to exercised his 1st Amemdment rights.That is why I just purchase new Nike gear today
One day I hope to achieve a level of stupid like protesting a shoe company by lighting an already purchased product on fire
Also I love how all y'all racist fucks doing illegal shit in your in order to protest a LEGAL form of protest. That's qwhite interesting logic
With the most marketable group of basketball players in history coming up set themselves apart. They're on the right side of history.
The flag represents our brothers and sisters who sacrificed their lives so we could be free. It's not about $$$, color or status. There's no amount of $$ to make up for what was lost. Respect the flag,someone gave their life so you can be free to live yours.
How NOT to protest: give your money to a company and then burn the item you have bought (impact level: 0) How TO protest: kneel during an anthem and when asked why, start a national dialogue (impact level: 100)
Not to kill your boner, right wingers, but I have two words that will destroy this fantasy of yours that will somehow soon be going out of business. Michael. Jordan.
Dear simply create an ad campaign acknowledging the ACTUAL issue of people of ALL kinds being treated unfairly by (not ALL cops) much like you did for domestic violence and the protest will end.
I never wear products but I think Im about to start. Shout out to for being on the right side of history. If you are one of those people....Im pretty sure they dont need your money....LOL. Take your ass to
- Boycott everything and There are right ways and wrong ways to do it
*Free speech by a black athlete protesting racial injustice - Unacceptable, fire him. *Free speech by a company supporting said black athlete - Unacceptable, boycott them. *Free speech for backwards thinking Republicans boycotting both - Celebrated. Oh the irony.
really ppl!? Do you even research or understand what was the message behind Cap's stance? Why did he kneel? A soldier gave him the guidance to peacefully protest and not be disrespectful to the flag and the US. It's your money. Your just being ignorant by destroying
Was worried for my dissertation that I wouldnt have much content on the whole Kaepernick protest lmao fuck the dissertation imma have a fucking Netflix series up in this bitch
Anyone who doesnt want their gear, please dm me and send it my way. PS- size is a small. I wouldnt mind some free nike gear!
I would join in the burning shoe protests but I don't get my gyms from Nike...let me know if Big Lots hires Kaepernick...
People dont like the players protesting racial injustice, but they are protesting themselves against . How about you stop being racist and and instead of burning shoes, give them to homeless veterans who dont have any.
All this hype is just keeping Nike's name lifted in the stratosphere lol silly rabbits just helping the cause recording videos of them sending their hard earned $ up in smoke & half will be right back in a pair as soon as this is blown over & forgotten.. senseless
If you are protesting and don't destroy your clothes! Help out someone in need. Give them to charity.
I'm all for freedom of speech HOWEVER; before race, religion is being AMERICAN and you DO NOT...I desecrate the AMERICAN FLAG or refuse to stand DURING OUR (AMERICANS) NATIONAL ANTHEM. Find another way to protest you scumbag Kapernick, I'll never by NIKE AGAIN.
Trumpers, to show their displeasure with Nike, are mutilating their clothing in protest. Because ruining good clothing you've already paid for, sends a message. THAT YOU'RE STUPID. But, hey, who am I, except someone whose clothes aren't all jacked up.
Using violence (smashing Keurigs, shooting Yetis, burning Nikes) is an awkward approach toward boycotting those who peacefully protest.
If you looking for a new logo, Don't worry, You are a right place. Just click this link and Order me now :
If you looking for a new logo, Don't worry, You are a right place. Just click this link and Order me now :
Amen Brother! Nike made the worst choice ever ! Im done forever with Nike. If you cant stand for the National Anthem and cause so much Mayhem, then I as an American who supports those who gave all for this Country will not pay you or them anything
If you looking for a new logo, Don't worry, You are a right place. Just click this link and Order me now :
Please send Nike size 13...endless supply needed to put in asses of trumpstrers who choose to forget their manners in my presence
If you looking for a new logo, Don't worry, You are a right place. Just click this link and Order me now :
This is America. Good for Colin K,hope he makes a lot of money. Good for NFL, Nike, NFL players. Its great to be able to do whatever you want. I will be enjoying my NFL free weekends this year (except my home team Pats) and wearing my Keds.
This whole thing is curiously bizarre to me. Surely one of the most important fundamentals our country was founded on was that of peaceful protest. Kneeling quietly is peaceful protest. And if you dont like it, you have the right to not like it. Isnt THIS America?
So much economic overdevelopment paired with political underdevelopment that protesting someone's protest manifests as throwing away or cutting up material goods made overseas.
Man, is a 1-2 punch after everyone burned their shoes and sports bras last month over lawsuit claiming Nike demeaned and devalued female employees. Oh. Right. That protest never happened.
I'm still fascinated by the amount of people up in arms over a peaceful, non-violent protest. Most of the stadium is literally standing in line getting beers, or trying to get to their seats during the anthem. Why is kneeling offensive?
is b.s.! All the boycotters are saying is they don't care about freedom for all and equal rights which means they are prejudiced. Hypocrites cling to the 1st amendment when they want it or need it & whine when others claim the same rights for themselves!
This makes me realize how uneducated a lot of America is on why Kapernick protested in the first place & how he basically gave up his career in order to raise awareness to something bigger than your fake patriotism. Ppl really getting killed out here for real !
You R SOOO RIGHT! thats why we R doing a
Hate is at an all time high. These people say its not about race, they telling a damn lie. This is the most cruelest country we in. Land of the Free my ass. Trump mad cause he couldnt be the face of Nike.
Instead of disrespecting the flag... the NFL players could have done something different to bring awareness to a fake and hyped up cause by raising money for causes. Burning stuff and is a free market response to .
I stopped wearing a long time ago for a different reason but with that being said; instead of burning clothes, why not donate them instead? I am sure lots of people that could care less about who their spokesperson is that could use free clothes.
!!! Come on. What do think this is going to accomplish. I seriously hate the Left and the Right
If you looking for a new logo, Don't worry, You are a right place. Just click this link and Order me now :
Ive been asked by the organizers to go around & pick up all the shoes ppl are going to protest with & Ill take them to a central location so we can burn them. Get in touch so I can swing by to pick up your preferably new/newish gear.
Hopefully Americans will be in DOING THE RIGHT THINK, buy anything but nike! America its time to take a STAND, IF YOU BUY nike YOU SUPPORT TAKING A KNEE!
Only in America are people so privileged that they burn perfectly good and expensive tennis shoes to protest. Just give it to someone in need for crying out loud. Embarrassing.
Honestly, this is how yall look right now with your .
To all y'all "burning" your Nike's: Feel free to send me your unworn or lightly worn size 8.5 kicks. OR BETTER YET, DONATE THEM TO PEOPLE WHO NEED THE SHOES YOU'RE HAPHAZARDLY BURNING
Imagine being stupid enough to destroy something you already paid for out of protest.
The Daily Caller with Derek Hunter - And Chuck Todd- Choose Sides In The Culture War - I've never bought into their advertising - ever.
Protesting stirs more than the child labour that makes the shoes they wear (and now burn) on their feet.
im honestly so weak at these racists cutting off their nike symbols or burning their shoes like...????? you know nike already got ur coin from that???? ur j burning and destroying ur own money yall kno that right ????????????
, is so stupid. They aren't protesting the damn flag, as they should be ..America was trash from the beginning.., they stole land and forced people out of their homes ..but cried to the British when they didn't get their way.
If u want to protest , please dont burn anything. Give it to , , , or a shelter. There are people who need shoes and clothing.
Nike made its choice, now America boycott NIKE!
Hey , millions of Americans believed in our flag, and sacrificed EVERYTHING for it. If your campaign was anything more than a gimmick, you'd be protesting those responsible for killing the most young black men every year, and it's NOT white police.
Nike hat irgendwas gesagt was den amerikanischen Alt-Right nicht gef√§llt....und jetzt verbrennen sie aus Protest Nike Schuhe unter
Only a brain damaged company or 2nd string QB could think that pissing off your customers or employers to make nonsensical claims about the to protest the makes any sense . Sell your swish sh to
Hey y'all, if you're so pissed about the ads & taking part in the ‚Äì which is your right ‚Äì rather than burning those shoes, give them to a person in need! There are children & homeless veterans who don't have shoes! They're out of your home & help someone else!
If you are going to burn Nike clothes or sneakers please don't. Bag them and take them a church, school or Homeless shelter. It's your right to boycott but let's turn it into a positive.
Pat Tillman was killed by friendly fire in a war he opposed so right-wing chickenhawks could wave his corpse about like it's a Confederate flag. So yeah.
"I support your rights guaranteed to you under the U.S. Constitution, BUT!!!!!"That's like saying, "I like black people and all, BUT ..."
clear to me that the knee jerk reaction to a marketing campaign , to boycott Nike, is pretty racist.Land of the free, home of the brave only for white folks?Its a peaceful protest and if that threatens the security of the union, then it aint worth saving
just may 'sell more shoes' b/c of their choice but not b/c of new customers - only maybe b/c of current customers having their shoes STOLEN!
So last night trending was Nike shen all the tweets were on . Unless you looked you would never know there was a protest
if you are burning your footwear or selling your stock because is the new face of then you aren't a real American. If America we have free speech and any true American would fight for that right
I wanna walk to In-N-Out burger in my Nike's so I can laugh at you all on a full stomach. I am tolerant of people's different opinions but I always reserve the right to make fun of them.
I dont think had in mind dismissing what our veterans and families have given up to protect our freedom when supporting Colin Kaepernick.
It's sad there are People more upset at for starting the anthem protests then the actual reason why he started protesting during the Anthem.
Extremist reaction to black person peacefully protesting silently on bended knee....Burn shoes and destroy an iconic american company so that nobody has jobs.Thats american at its best.Burn baby burn.
This. Have mercy. To act from a place of such privilege as to 1. Not understand/want to understand what his protest was really about & 2. to destroy something that someone is in desperate need of; speaks of a child breaking a toy in anger. grow up, people. is stupid.
came a long way since the apartheid. You're on the right side. This ain't just a wave if you use your power to tread ways and part tides. Wishing you . I hope those in the get the minds right that they've lost.
And for those idiots who are jumping on the stupidity train- if you think that Nike didn't focus group/market research the hell out of its decision beforehand, then you're all as dumb as you act. Clearly the loss in a few far right customers was worth it.
Yet he is now sacrificing his protest for a better society and replacing it for Nike dollars. Money talks when you are out of a contract in the NFL
That's right!!! Not left... to put and that's why the Rhinos and libturds during like Corey Booger were acting so crazy and stupid. So let's b/c new face. Question what billboard can handle that hair. Poof!!!!
Idk why people are destroying their products like yall do realize Nike already got your money right
didn't get a QB job because of his "protest". He's doesn't have a job because he's a bad QB.
Just in case anyone wants to know who I standand competewith. Because I believe in justice. And the right to peacefully protest. For everyone. Everywhere.
Yall are participating in the by burning your socks, knowing damn well winter is right around the corner
Conservatives hate black people so much that they'll ruin their own property to spite someone () who stood up for black people and protested against them being shot and killed.
ya'll cuttin' up apparel you already bought, already got your money and endorsement -- stop actin' like they actively opposed your racism and way of living free of guilt and consequ -- oh, nvm stay silly and keep up with your "protest"
Since when did taking a knee become a protest. I always thought it was a signal for giving up or ending play?!
All you people in the mad at brothas kneeling: make sure you tell your POTUS to stop protesting while he's on the clock!
The best way to is to give your OLD pair of 's and give them to the homeless, That way won't even have to sell his own shoes. I TOO am exercising my rights by taking a knee to . If wants to take a knee, let him do it with these guys.
Right back at ya! Hi, everyone.Yay! Did anyone notice stocks took a dive today? We will all take a knee and boycott
RT : For the people saying they wont buy Nike anymore, there's just as many people (if not more) now wanting to buy their products. Your bigotry disguised as self righteous bullshit is fooling no one
And its my right to Hugs right back at you!
A reminder that Colin Kaepernick came to kneel in protest on the counsel of a former Green Beret that you and many others completely missed the point of his protest.
Only in Trump's America do people burn their own clothes in order to protest the fact that someone protested. Here's a better idea: Pick up a U.S. Constitution and read it. You might save your family from having to buy new clothes.
hi white people! I just wanted to let you know that your patriotism isnt an excuse for ur racism. if u really love this country, love the liberty and justice it promises to ALL as well
I know wanted a polarizing figure as there cover but I feel like Thanos would of been a better choice here.
We support peaceful protest and equality. Sorry, not burning anything today.
should never have used the workplace to protest, especially displaying it to the American flag. .
I support standing and honoring our flag. I do NOT support Nikes new choices!
MUCH better choices for workout gear and sneakers
I am the great great great great something of the guy who WROTE the anthem--FSK. YOU are a racist. Wrap your head around that. Peaceful protest IS our country! You're now just a barefoot redneck clinging to your guns and your religion. THERE... I SAID it. SHAME!
Its not racist to dislike someone that disrespects your flag and servicemen. He could have protested in many other ways and I would respect that. But I am not fine with him spitting in the face of everyone that holds that flag dear. And Im not even American.
Wait, so people are finally boycotting and protesting Nike because of the horrific way they make their products? The sweat shop conditions? The low pay? That must be it, right?
They just did it thinking they get free advertisement for their products. I hope it will backfire big time.
I will not purchase any Nike products as long as this is who they choose as a role model. There are too many truly deserving role models in sports to settle for this.
I am currently willing to dispose of any high end products (preferably any model of AIR JORDANS still in the original box) free of charge for all u haters out there.
A much more intelligent way to dispose of your Nikes would be to DONATE them to people in need who dont have shoes could have them. Setting them on fire is just a childish tantrum, not a protest.
I will never ever support Colin kaepernick. Its not about race for me. Its about your lack of respect for this country and for the flag. You dont like the injustice? Protest in the right way. Not by disrespecting the men and women who fight for this country&flag.
Let Freedom Ring!Pat Tillman's widow, Marie, asked people not to use her husband's service to silence others.
"Kneeling in peaceful protest doesnt disrespect our country. It shows we have a country with a constitution that respects our right to peacefully protest."Instead of destroying your products donate them to someone in need.
Only in Trump's America do people burn their own clothes in order to protest the fact that someone protested. Here's a better idea: Pick up a U.S. Constitution and read it. You might save your family from having to buy new clothes.
Las imagenes de nos dan a saber lo tontos que son los gringos... mira que quemar tenis para apoyar a una nacion entera Salvense ustedes mismos del ridiculo y no protesten tontamente, ma√±ana har√°n filas para comprarse again! van ganando!
You people do know that, after cutting off the "swoosh", it's still a Nike product right? Freaking asshats.
There are going to be a lot of well researched & worded posts and stories about and their decision to jump into the political arena. Mine is a bit less refined.. Fuck , Fuck them right in the ear.
Nike chooses to pour gasoline on the smoldering fire. And let's be completely honest here: Nike isn't 'honoring' Kaepernick, they are intentionally stoking the embers of a divisive issue to try to sell shoes, Chris Barron The losers here are the NFL and its fans.
Colin can exercise his rights of free speech, Nike can do what they want.... and I can wear Puma shoes & Majestic t-shirts!And I can stand and salute Old Glory
Nike boycott am I right sisters
Please tell us and Pat Tillman how you sacrificed everything. Nike runs sweat shops, but that kind of oppression is cool, right? Cause $$$$$. BTW, that line is just freaking creepy... Sounds like a call to arms/violence to me.
Instead of participating in the , maybe the Right should participate in getting our Vererans affordable healthcare. Just a thought.
DISCUSTING!! How could Nike choose an unpatriotic terrorist loving gross dude like
Can someone explain to me how Citizens United can be right but companies shouldn't be political?Just asking for Nike.
The weak make a living in 's while the wicked make theirs in . Ain't that right
Conservatives are burning their gear to protest the ads. I guess they ran out of crosses.
IMHO the people who are protesting & burning their Nikes & didnt understand the kneeling protest miss the point. Someone please create a meme with a flaming swoosh with the tagline You Just Dont Get it!
Imagine if had done a campaign supporting fallen soldiers or LEOs; Where the ultimate sacrifice was made. The left would have protested.
Here is my granddaughter. She was excited to get first pair of Shoes today. Im so happy that, as an American, she will have the choice to stand or kneel when the National Anthem is played.
Before you go Burning your Kids Nikes in Protest, I wear a size 3.5 in Youth & am accepting donations
Free size 14 Nike! Don't mind the healthy shit I just took in them!
So why is a left-leaning being worshipped by right now?
These protesters are using a silent protest to protest a protesters silent protest
Anyways, I can't wait until 2020, when Twitter becomes MAGA free, and boycotting isn't the resolution to everytime you're upset with a company, league, or just any organization
Whewwwww these tweets have me in tears Loving every bit of the sarcasm most ppl are using. For the rest of you...you know everyone can see through your patriotic disguise right? Youre not fooling anyone
So you want support while you protest against a company that supports a man that hasnt been supported because he protests? Make it make sense.
While you're busy absurdly protecting your patriotism by objecting to another's right to free speech by cutting/burning your personal property, please don't overlook all brands in your - Jordan, Cole Haan, Converse, Hurley, and Umbro.
All these suspected white supremacists who are doing this are fully aware that Kaepernick (and other players) are not "protesting against the flag". They create these types of deflective, false narratives on purpose to avoid the topic of systematic white supremacy
Hot take: Burning your Nike shoes because of who they choose to use in their ads is super extra.Stop burning stuff & donate them if you're so mad. A lot of people would love a decent pair of shoes.
Even from a purely business perspective with no actual sincere social justice stance, chose the right side. A massive win win for the company. but what would truly destroy the folks would be for to openly come out in support of
: Nike has been guilty of numerous human rights violations and NOW you decide to boycott their stuff and burn your shoes?
I believe in people's right to protest peacefully, I just don't understand how destroying property that's already paid for "shows" anybody anything. Donate gear to charity. Plus like...child labor wasn't where the line was drawn?
Is this a Tide Pods moment for conflated Right?
To all the hating ass people getting mad as hell at and wanna where were you all when the president was disrespecting a well known vet? Just admit the truth, it'll set you free
Hey Im a New Balance guy. If you dont fold to lame pressure and apologize for what is nothing, Ill start buying your shoes. Freedom of expression!!
People want to boycott Nike over a black man exercising a constitutional right. Yet, theres no boycott of the Catholic Church over a bunch of white perverted priests fu*%inh young, white boys!!
Im so pissed off with Nike right now If anyone has Nike stuff they want me to burn Send it my way . . .
All these suspected white supremacists who are doing this are fully aware that Kaepernick (and other players) are not "protesting against the flag". They create these types of deflective, false narratives on purpose to avoid the topic of systematic white supremacy
Guarantee Nike calculated the cost of the protest vs the increased support revenue before they made this move. Its a corporation. Bottom line: protestors, they decided they would make more money without you.
Confused as to why this is happening... yall still bought the damn products... youre just burning your own personal belongings now. Who won here?But more importantly, Im proud to see the new face of Nike! Gotta love someone who fights for whats right
You're going to boycott Nike, who gives the military discounts, because they support someone who used his freedom of speech to protest, after asking a member of the military what is the most respectful thing for him to do.Because Nike hates the military.
Sounds about right.
Whatever you do dont use to research how to protest
Hey America, where was all this burning of yeezys and Adidas when Kanye said slavery was a choice ?
This guy gets it...Its so odd to see Conservatives opposing the free market and Liberals supporting the 1%. Bizarro World!
Yes, they for sure made a marketing bungle by their choice of an un-American cop hater rather than a Military Hero. Have they not seen what he has done to the NFL? Pat Tillman would have been an excellent choice for their ads.
I thought the kneeling on the field was about racial injustice and police brutality not anti-America. Americans fought and died for the the right to peacefully protest. Suit yourselves, Im about to workout now...in my Nikes.
feel free to send me your old Nike stuff. Its a few homeless shelters packed with veterans that could use them.
Remember when got boycotted and people started to throw their coffee makers out the window. Only to go back to JCPenny to buy a new one the next week. will be alright. Im gonna buy my Nike shoes soon.
SO!!! It's not like Nike is going to lose ANYTHING! You have to purchase the items to be able to destroy them! 's support for Colin Kaepernick protest has some destroying their shoes
Yeah imma need these non-vets to stop staying Kaep/Players are boycotting the flag & disrespecting Troops/Vets. Boy, if you dont sit that ass down, we fought/fight for them to have this right. My America can kneel, stand, sit. Idc...its your right!
Praying in school...Unconstitutional Praying before school board meetings...Unconstitutional..Using restroom that one identifies with... Constitutional
I'm in the UK so my understanding of the situation is limited, but it appears that people are getting rid of their things because Colin appeared in one advert? Is that right?On a related note, maybe would consider advertising firearms
The problem w/ how NFL players demonstrate is that they dont make it clear why they kneel during the anthem. I know its to protest police brutality, but not all viewers understand that. If they want the support of the public they should be less cryptic.
, or how American people get pissed at an American person protesting for a group of Americans they don't like.
This is hilarious. Yall big mad about a silent protest. But had he been bad mouthing everything like 45 yall wouldn't care huh?
If people want to or thats everyones personal choice, but instead of burning your shoes why not find someone less fortunate to give them to. They might not be able to decide which brand shoes to buy or wear.
The best part? is already losing billions & we haven't even gone to work on their digital ads & mailing lists yet. When u choose to be represented by trash ur brand becomes trash. ? We're giving away $ for most creative. details coming
If people want to or thats everyones personal choice, but instead of burning your shoes why not find someone less fortunate to give them to. They might not be able to decide which brand shoes to buy or wear.
Im hoping that by reposting this, people will buy my shirts and burn them in protest ...
right wing boycotts are always hilarious self owns.
BOOHOO BOOHOO! Youre standing up for civil rights and humans rights. No fair . This is the stupidity of these oafish boycotters. Dummies.
If any size 15 protesters wanna throw away their shoes, my trash can is empty and open to the public
White people protest everything but the Catholic priest raping their children
Special shoot out to on being on the right side of history. 25-50yrs from now we will view this as a important organization to impact social change. Thank you
Cutting socks and burning shoes? What a way to protest. 3 days later you'll be buying it again from a Nike store !! Where do people get this sort of ideas ?
Just in case you have any Nike products you would like to send to them. So many better choices they could have made.
Im glad Americas past time is BASEBALL ! Between boycotting the NFL and NIKE. At least we have the great game of baseball ! Baseball brought our country together in 2000 right after 9/11/01 !
Anyone who thinks is protesting about nothing relevant, I'd be protesting against stats like these too.
Colin kapernick you did not give all my brother gave all he's lying 10,000 feet deep in the bottom of the ocean he died for this country so that you have the right to bend your knee and dishonor this flag you should be ashamed and so should you Nike
Head of watching people burn their already purchased items away in protest.
RIP was a bad choice.
Heyy you! Yeah you right there...If you are planning on throwing away unboxed Air Jordans size 8 just let me know and I will take care of them for you.
ICOVoz is the ICO review & news site - receive FREE VOZ Coins - Learn More: „Å£Êöó £„Éá„Ç£„É´„ÄÄ„ÄÄ
your right to push whatever agenda you want. My right not to buy your product.
. bye bye! You are no longer my brand of choice! And I wont miss you! In fact, I wont come back!
America is the only place on earth theyll destroy a brand because of freedom of speech...i thought that was the point of independence
I can only hope that Americans no longer choose to buy your products as youve shown so very little for our military familys
Left: I bet a Kaepernick. Right: Ill raise you a Tillman.
This right here, they claim they care but do they really
Finally, now I wont have to wait in line behind cunty rich white kids and their neurotic gluten free part-time moms. Its straight to the cash register now bitches!!!
Nike Stock is down after they name Colin kaperdick for 30th anniversary. Get it right Nike.
Nothing screams "White Privilege" like burning $120 shoes because a Black athlete peacefully protests ongoing inequality in our country.
Read ALGEBRA IN WORDS for FREE on ... which is also FREE today for ! Parkland Philadelphia John Kelly
Hey , what Colon Crapernick sacrificed is NOTHING compared to the ultimate sacrifice made by many Americans that gave him the right to crap on their graves and their flag. I used to say Buy Nike. Now it is Bye Nike.
Seriously burning your Nike for Trump and MAGA? Its seems Right-Wing SJWs really do exist. These boycotts are getting annoying and way out of hand, so much its ridiculous.
I will ALWAYS support freedom of expression even if I disagree with the opinion being expressed because it is an American value protected by the Constitution.
No matter which side you choose, the will fizzle out and in the end not effect their bottom line. Remember when Pepsi fucked up and everyone was pissed for like 38 minutes? Yeah...
Just like you laugh and berate me for wanting to protect the rights and civil liberties of others through non-violent, non-destructive protest; I laugh at you for burning shoes and clothes you paid for.
Personally I think the is stupid but hey, youre free to do what you want. It isnt hurting anybody so go for it if thats how you are.
has turned it's back on veterans, cops, and anyone else who loves this country and those who risk their lives to protect our freedom!!!! NEVER BUYING NIKE AGAIN!!!!
Can we all just admit, after the Nike and Supreme Court nomination circus, that liberals are, let's say, not right in the head?
And just like that, sweatshop labor became a right-wing talking point in America, at least for the next week or so.
People are so triggered lol this Nike thing is hilarious! But to each their own! In America we have the right to burn our own house down if we want, doesnt mean we should.
Something a professor of mine wrote about the and the artistic beauty of protestors falling right into the web of strategic communication.Enjoy being eaten, dears
People are really THAT mad at a peaceful protest about police brutality. Not the flag. Not patriotism. Stop trying to change the narrative.Ill be lacing up my Free Runs with xtra pride when I go for my run later.
You don't really think was going to have his mug plastered all over advertisements for free, do you? Gotta keep up that lifestyle even though he's no longer playing! As for me, I'm with the
Funny when security clearances are stripped away everyone is yelling 1st Amendment Rights are being attacked.
Bob Woodward Kavanaugh Cory Booker Rahm Emanuel Parkland Not very bright, are you?
Saw everyone mad at for some reason so had to look it up.... are people still mad about a guy protesting for something he wanted to bring attention to... oh god how un american... people...
Racist wypipo are some of the dumbest beings on the planet let me burn my clothes because a man of color is protesting injustice now nike is the enemy nike don't give a f√ó√∑k if you burn what you paid for idiot
ESPN Host: Nike Is the Face of the NFLs National Anthem Protest Now... "Nike has essentially hijacked this issue. They have now made themselves, instead of Colin Kaepernick, the face of all this."
Wait, sorry Im a little behind in my news intake... Are ppl seriously now protesting against someone they were originally mad at for protesting?!
If yall are burning products to protest, youre stupid & entitled & heres why: 1) has your money for those products, so jokes on you; 2) Youre burning stuff people can use because you can AFFORD to be wasteful, do something good & donate it.
Sacrifice everything they say? I suppose CK is going to do that deal with Nike for free! Really??? Clearly doesnt understand what that means
The market will dictate whether is right or wrong. It always does. Right now?...they are right around $4 Billion wrong.
I will respect your form of protest.
Yep! you lost a customer today. I fought side-by-side with American soldiers. Cant accept the way you choose to dishonor them only for a marketing stunt.
. To the loving revisionists and your bootleg , these companies supported the Nazis during World War 2. Most are American icons that clothed and fed the evil overseas. Again, and are on the right side of history. Kindly retweet
Hold up wait ? So people are destroying their Nikes in protest about what ? What is it you are exactly protesting? Im trying to understand??
You're actually sharing stuff from the far-right site Daily Caller. Unclear whether that's extreme cluelessness (nice word for something else) or just downright madness. Either way, STOP. IT. for &
If people want to or thats everyones personal choice, but instead of burning your shoes why not find someone less fortunate to give them to. They might not be able to decide which brand shoes to buy or wear.
"If still you're doubling down on some imagined defense of "America" while simultaneously seeking to deny people of color America's most elemental libertiesyou're proving Colin Kaepernick right."
A lot of negativity toward Kaepernick it seems, cutting & burning Nike products. He is protesting social injustice & not disrespecting American troops past or present. Seems strange that people continue not to understand this.
instead of burning your apparel to protest them making the face of their new campaign, maybe you could donate it to homeless vets and other less fortunate people you pretend to care about. just a thought.
I think kneeling is not the best way for a black man to protest. I understand why hes doing it but kneeling is the ultimate form of submissiveness & respect.
To everyone upset with Nike, Im starting my own foundation called Ill gladly take all that Nike shit off your hands for free right this second - dm me for more info!
Where was all that righteous indignation when the Catholic Church admitted to molesting your children for decades? Where are all the images of bible burning and boycotts? I'm going out to buy myself some Nike shoes!
I love my Nike Mercurial football boots too much to burn them in protest of Kapernick..... I mean people spent good time and money on these products and you wanna burn them for a political statement.... humans are stupid
Yo I thought was like people from my country was among the dumbest on earth until I see someone from the best country on earth flames up their shoes they bought with their money to protest the company that made it lmao
Because of this whole thing I will protest by continuing to never buy anything Nike and eating junk food, and never exercising!
Dear White People, yall do know dont care right?
If people want to or thats everyones personal choice, but instead of burning your shoes why not find someone less fortunate to give them to. They might not be able to decide which brand shoes to buy or wear.
The right go on about free speech, call the left PC snowflakes who cant cope with being offended, yet grown men are losing their shit and burning trainers cos theyre offended by an athlete kneeling during a song, excersizing their democratic right to protest
This is exactly whats wrong with America.. a black man stands for whats right and gets dehumanized for it.. they cant even acknowledge the initial issue which is police brutality.. like kneeling before a flag is more important.. yall are morally fucked up
Its also a non-violent protest to burn gear, refuse to buy their brand again, and boycott them.
If people want to or thats everyones personal choice, but instead of burning your shoes why not find someone less fortunate to give them to. They might not be able to decide which brand shoes to buy or wear.
You want to get rid of your Nikes in protest? Fine, but can you at least give them to a homeless shelter. There are homeless vets that would love a new pair of sneakers.
I remember the old protests we had back in the day. Damn was it hard to set those chicken sandwiches on fire.
It's ok if y'all protest . You're not the demographic they want to sell to anyway. Obviously ()
I'm all for peaceful protests. But do it on your own time. The intentions were sincere but the venue was career suicide. Not one person I know can stage a protest on company time wearing the company uniform and not be FIRED!
If people want to or thats everyones personal choice, but instead of burning your shoes why not find someone less fortunate to give them to. They might not be able to decide which brand shoes to buy or wear.
Beautiful day in God's country! Stupidity is rampant though. Nike then the Kavnaugh protests! Wow!
Nike is a company and should be able to do what it wants. If you dont like kap, dont buy their stuff/invest in stock. On the other hand, people have the right to not buy nike products or boycot for whatever reason.
Nike Learned Nothing From the Ratings Disaster the NFL Faced When It Embraced the Anthem Protesters
Protesting racial inequality by disrespecting the flag & anthem is like protesting the abuse scandal in the Catholic church by flipping off every mall Santa you see. You'll raise awareness, but in all the wrong ways.
Shows how fragile the far right is
The same grown men and women currently burning Nike shoes over an ad campaign are they same ones who called the rest of us snowflakes when we were upset that an unqualified, racist, misogynistic Cheeto became leader of the free world.
Athletes are free to kneel but remember if the owners lose money your salaries will drop if loses money so do your endorsements
It's hysterical that the same people boycotting , thinking tjeure being patriotic, are the same people defiling the first amendment. THE CONSTITUTION of the country you claim to love. The flag which you're pretending to stand for.
If you wanted to use an NFL Player, this might have been a better choice. I'll be wearing now.
LOL, got that right! going down! Sell, sell, sell!
We support We believe in free speech and expression. you don't get it because you are white male. When have you been discriminated or not allowed opportunities. ignore the haters. Ignore the
What if I told you, you can do all of these without displaying anger or rage?1. 2. Donate to those in need3. Support First Amendment Rights4. Fight Systemic Racism5. Support Law Enforcement6, Honor and Respect our Troops and Veterans
Video Shows NYC Protesters Chanting for "Dead Cops"
Just going to lay this right here
All the rednecks and MAGA burning their nikes right now
Angry white kids burning sneakers and calling it patriotic is absurd. The first amendment is our patriotic right to protest and free speech. Publicly shaming others for using that Constitutional right is about as un-American as you can get.
Can i urge all people who are going to burn/throw out their Nike gear in protest at decision to donate them to a charity instead. Will give some joy to some less well off people
Nike right now hearing about the after you already spent your hard earned money buying their products.
I think Nike calculated, there are more free thinking, racially unbiased millennials who might use their products than ignorant, geriatric bigots who blame Kaepernick for telling the truth about their countrys issue with race.
Reminder: Work is not a place to do that. People watch sports or entertainment to get away from social politics and life to relax. Keep it out of work, where you're paid to play and entertain, not protest.
A reminder to those burning Nike shoes & sports equipment for the stupid ... Colin Kaepernick came to kneel in protest on the counsel of a former Green Beret
A reminder that Colin Kaepernick came to kneel in protest on the counsel of a former Green Beret
Nike says...*Thank you, you bunch of ignorant and useless retards...Thank you for the money you have paid, feel free to burn them trainers, your money is safe in our bank accounts**
When social media thinks its absurd to burn your Nike shoes in protest, but thats its perfectly acceptable to burn your jersey when a star player leaves your favorite team. (No, Im not burning my Nikes or my Jerseys)
I will no longer buy you're products. There are alternatives that don't choose political sides, besides most of my exercise happens outdoors & your selection of hiking shoes & trail runners suck I'll spend my money w/ brands like
For the white people thats setting their Nike clothes on fire to protest please put the clothes on first and then set them on fire
Only a complete moron wears a Fidel Castro shirt to show how great minds think alike while protesting against oppression
I wish I owned some gear right now so I could burn it and post it on Twitter. Maybe I will short the stock instead.
Really, whens the last time ANY of you bought a product? Fast food protesters. If it cant be done in 5 mintes in an extreme show of melodrama, you dont care.
For every right-wing loon who is swearing off buying Nike, there will be 2 or 3 of us buying their gear. This is the fake so-called "patriotism" and fake outrage that was blasted by Meghan McCain and former Presidents at her dad's funeral. Congrats !
Isn't it pretty dumb to protest the police at a football game anyway? Wouldn't City Hall be a better place to start?
Saw a man burn the shoes on his feet to participate in the . People really show their true colors when someone protests police brutality.
I set fire to all my Nike products because of flags, freedom, America, and because told me to.
Don't worry, I will continue to support your brand and so will many others! We have the freedom to choose our own beliefs in this country and protest if we wish even if others don't agree, that is what makes our country great! dont
State of lib-clowns buying stock in a company that literally runs Sweatshops and uses child labor... just to own .Well done. So very righteous of you.
Usually burn down their own communities when they protest things.
Why are we so quick to forgive and side with corporations the moment they try to sell us back our own struggle, our own protests, our own stories? Why do we let mass produced products and advertising campaigns dictate and define our progress?
In an age where we often resort to violence to protest, the nonviolent approach to the is admirable but the best way to support & would be to donate those items to that support them.
Let's pack up those shoes and other items some of ya'll are protesting and give them to people that need them and not burn them
Its okay for black military members to protect the 1st amendment for the racist nationalist groups in the that want us dead. Yet, I cant take a knee to express my 1st amendment? Our country is more than a simple song and fabric.
Theres a lot of white Americans that support & dont support the Nike protest. Its not a black or white issue.
Was going to purchase some new Nike's this year but nope, I will be going Adidas. I won't support your choice in promoting someone like Kaepernick. Goodbye Nike, you are dead to me.
BREAKING NEWS: Trump calls Zina Bash a great assistant. She's very respectful and has great things to say about me. It's her right to flash any sign, as long as she stands for the Anthem, the President added.
??? Ridiculous as it is baseless. Evidence of joblessness and a flagrant display of a lack of creativity amongs these protesters protesting a protest! Pass me a cup of black coffee please!
the fact that yall are willing to cut up your own clothing, burn your shoes and continuously support a closeted racist because of a PROTEST your against due to a false sense of patriotism. yall wack af. Kick Rocks- Chappoxx
If I was right now I would make the new spokesperson just to teach those whiny liberals over at Nike a lesson. And then I'd let my wife sleep with just to teach me a lesson. Where my baby boomers at?
The people boycotting Nike would have been against the Civil rights movement as well. May Nike sales flourish
. still has a collection after we found out what an awful person he is. But nobody is boycotting that shit! But protests in a non-violent way as Dr. King did & now there is a ? !
I hope the only customer they end up with is the Oregon Ducks.... And they get their shit for free!
People burning their Nike's need not to forget to burn their Converse too! As for me...my Nike's and Chuck's are staying on my feet. My choice, my right, my money.
If you have a pair of Nike Free RNs, anywhere from a size 10-11 and they are mostly unburned, I'll take 'em.
Its almost like these people burning Nikes think that peaceful protest is patriotic...
We really just gonna let wypipo use veterans as an excuse to be mad when a Green Beret Soldier advised Kaepernick that kneeling was the most respectful way to go about his protest?
The priorities of people are so far gone I don't even know where or how to begin.This should've happened decades ago because of their exploitation of foreign youth. Protesting them because some <<<communist>>> millionaire is now the face of their brand is HYPOCRISY
As a veteran and as a person who LOVES Nike products, I want to thank for doing the right thing in supporting Thanks to Colin for bringing awareness to the world. I will NEVER
I am asking anyone with a little disposable income to purchase Nike products and donate them to those that are less fortunate. Lets offset this twisted boycott and support peaceful protests, and racial justice. I Gotta go to Nike store now. LOVE TO ALL.
But liberals are snowflakes. We get upset over kids getting shot & people going hungry but uses a protester in an ad & ppl start burning perfectly good shoes & clothes. Must be nice to be able to afford to just fucking burn your shit. The entitlement is real.
The irony. The immediate reaction of the libtards against the is to ask for free shoes.
Nike and Kaepernick just dont get it. No, this country is not perfect. But Disrespecting the flag, the national anthem, and the country is not appropriate. There are lots of others sports apparel brands to choose from. You made your choice now I make mine.
Seriously Ed, crazy how some refuse to see, but its not just republicans much of this FREE country is skewed on the interpretations of our constitution
These the shoes old white dudes are burning to protest
Please stop...explaining to these kind of ppl. They full on know the purpose of the protest, don't; & just want a reason to spew their fake 'patriotism' garbage, so their like mindeds will think they're bizarro 'woke'.
When a simple, quiet, protest in the name of equality makes you angrier than the fact that your fellow citizens are being murdered at a shockingly high rate, you're part of the problem and need to take a long look in the mirror at the person you've become...
Nike protesters <<< Regular folks
Apparently there r a lot of stupid people mocking those who r boycotting Nike. Its their choice to burn shoes! Its not like killing unborn children. Colin sacrificed his livelihood to make a point. Did it work? No it didnt. Nike is sacrificing jobs for Colin!
HOW ABOUT SOMEONE WHO REALLY SACRIFICED ! AMERICAN SOLDIERS SACRIFICE EVERY DAY FOR FREEDOM
Punks burning their shoes in the street makes me sick.. ain't got no respect. Kapaerwhatshisname isn't even protesting the military. Back in my day we got our facts straight before we burned anything.
O melhor, ali√°s, o pior, √© ver gente que nem sabia dos protestos do , falando bosta baseada em quem vai contra ele
For those that feel that they have the right and or privilege to burn shoes because they don't like their spokesman, remember there are many kids that don't have shoes at all.Perhaps instead of expressing anger, you should express gratitude.
Hey guys, I too am a white guy who's mad for sponsoring an athlete who protests police brutality, so, if you need your size 10 shoes destroyed for the please bring them to me, so I can discard of them properly! Again, only good condition size 10s
Can someone tell me what he sacrificed? I support the protest but he's sacrificed nothing. Well now he has actually. He's sacrificed his integrity and his dignity by selling out his cause to the cynical advertising ambitions of his new corporate master.
Its comical to me how so many people, many of which who never served, are so quick to pull the men fought and died for your freedoms card without realizing that kneeling for the anthem is in fact one of the many freedoms they fought and died for
Your common sense is as bad as your crappy shoes. Protesting does not make one a hero or a role model.
He didnt burn a flag or hurt anyone- just sat there and silently protested. How arent people THIS enraged by the police brutality and injustice? How can you sit there and accept that, but lose all self control when someone silently protests against that?
Bob Woodward Kavanaugh Cory Booker Rahm Emanuel Moron liberals think there are no black folks in the UK...Not very bright, are they?
if anyone wants to burn their nike gear (preferably lightly used, women's size 7 shoe or S/M shirt) I will drop it off at the incinerator for you for free!!
He stood for the Truth. They say The truth sets Us free but Why are We letting the Truth get Us flee?
Funny how everyone forgets that Kaepernick was willing to forgo his kneeling protest if offered a contract & another chance. When that didn't happen, he doubled down. He didn't consciously sacrifice anything.
stayed away from as he protested and was defiant against America. Stocks fell until "stood up" Nike shares fall over ad campaign featuring Kaepernick. DON'T PAY KAEPERNICK TO PROTEST AMERICA!
People be burning Nike shoes, not in protest, but because they ran out of books and crosses.
THIS FRIDAY Jumper Cables NIKE DOWN BDAY BASHPRESENTED BY RAW PROMOTIONS AND BIG BOYZ SEAFOOD LADIES FREE TIL 11 70cent WANG N THANGS MIA CHALLENGE ON DECK 18+ TO STEP 21+ TO SWIM
Ouch! Right in the wallet - hope it was worth it! Nike shares fall after Kaepernick ads revealed
The is a messed up country. People happy to wear Nike's made in sweat shops in far east but lose their shit when a guy takes a knee in protest of inequality....hmmm
Yall do know Nike dont care right?!
SIGN THE PETITION TO PROTEST NIKE HIRING COLIN KAEPERNICK -- CLICK HERE!
The only ppl who are outraged & supporting the are those who dont understand s protest against police brutality & social injustice in the first place. Oh well.
Regarding Nike, isn't protesting and expressing your 1st Amendment rights the most American thing you can do? You know, standing your ground?
So is anyone actually mad at ? Seems like everyone's just looking for a way to get attention and burning their nikes is the thing to do right now.
So I guess I need to go buy some Nikes and some in-n-out! These protests are getting expensive
cutting and burning up clothes and shoes you've already bought ... i dont get it , but shit feel free to donate size 11.5 / 12 in shoes dms are opened
People are actually burning their clothing/shoes b/c Nike chose a man who protested against racism as the face of their brand! Where is the sense in that? Youre basically saying you agree with racism, but also youve already paid for what youre burning
These shoes sports specific or for kneeling and protests and whining
If wants to die on the hill of like the ...then it has made its choice, Americans will make their choice as well. and .
I love it when people try to use changes in stock prices to go, "SEE! WE TOLD YOU!"The idiots focusing on $NKE stock price right now have no clue that today's dip means NOTHING. The entire market dipped today. irrelevant.
All y'all planning a realize that they're a GLOBAL corporation, right? People all around the world think we're stupid for electing an orange clown, and don't understand our fascination with racism. Not one person at Nike will be losing sleep over your silly boycott.
All economics aside, the campaign is speaking to the soul of America right now. is on the right side of history, & those who arent can feel ittheyre burning gear, but their deep knowledge that theyre wrong is whats really on fire.
Chance The Rappers Take on the - he talking right!
He can protest and people can take a view on .Lets see how that unfolds.
Nothing says "conservative values" quite like burning shoes and t-shirts to protest having respect for veterans instead of giving your clothes to homeless veterans who make up roughly 10% of the population of homeless people without access to shoes and t-shirts.
The moral depravity of the right wing . They are fine with but not challenging
, Texas councilman posts video of Nike hat in flames in protest of Nike's Kaepernick ad
Dear peeps:For the record I don't care if u boycott Nike. It's ur right..But please make sure u do it right. Burning wut u already have just makes u look like an idiot considering u just burnt ur own money & the company still made a profit.A concerned citizen
To those of you who think burning your stuff is clever, how about those of us who don't like Trump burn MAGA hats, we could burn flags, Hell, why not burn Fox TV products as well? Because, freedom of expression, right?Or is fire less damaging than kneeling?
It's not about the kneeling. It's about Kap being a black man making a lot of money as well as the other black NFL players in the league. Let's call a thing a thing. The flag is used as a prop. This is not the land of the free for everybody and y'all know it.
Funny that those criticizing the Right for boycotting Nike are the same ones screaming boycott In & Out bc of a donation to the GOP. Talk about petty and hypocritical.
Get Wisdom and Understanding of this , The Players are not protesting the Anthem nor are they dishonoring Vets. Do some research and learn the truth of the matter, the truth will set you free.
Yes they were. They even cried. It's true. But the right are not being grown up at all with their . They aren't rising above it. They are crying foul too. And it's hilarious. You'd think they'd just disagree n move on. Ya know, not be the snowflakes But oh no.
ATTEN: For all those who have been affect by decision to support please DM for the disposal of your apparel, gift cards, and shoes Ill take care of them for you Serious Inquires Only This is a Free Service
So, the guy protested against black shooting and people is upset at him? can someone explain it to me?
You burning your Nike gear costs Nike nothing, & gives them free advertising.They are going to sell more to others because of the campaign.You think a multi billion dollar company didn't study the cost/benefit fallout before launching the campaign?Lol.
Anyone destroying their property right now () is just turning themselves back into a customer. You had something, then you burnt it, so now you need it again. Doesn't matter if it's from another company. Have fun spending twice ya idiot
. You choose the side of the cancer of liberalism and a clown to represent your brand. Real bad move.
Aww America home of the full of shit ppl if America really cared about Americans everybody would be alright especially those millions of homeless wounded 4gotten they claim they care for like biggest cracker of them all crackers be cracking all day everyday
What a great choice for this commercial Colin epitomizes what intense belief and extreme sacrifice is all about perfect choice
does not exist, right
Nike was all in on this they sacrificed allright,
Good on for recognizing that free speech goes both ways.
So is it or ? I want to be sure to tweet the right hashtag to get important attention from fellow inbreeds.
Get the colleges to dump Nike. That will put the fox in with chickens. No free passes for Nike
people have just as much of a right to boycott nike as NFL players have in choosing rather to stand for the national anthem or not.
If you want to participate in the , that's your choice, but instead of burning your apparel, how about donating it to homeless veterans that you pretend to care about?
Just saw the hashtag is trending.Thank god I wear shoes, stopped wearing Nike after those Nike+-compatible Free shoes... Speaking of, those things are awful. I'd gladly burn those. Everything else, I'll just closet 'em until this situation blows over.
, ignore the dumbass . Nice one for doing the right thing.
There are Americans (and many, many others in this world) who are without adequate clothing and footwear right now. Mothers, children, veterans, and more. But, hey, let's own the Libs by burning half a dozen pairs of shoes.
If the MAGA snowflakes keep crying rivers of tears over a shoe company, it just might get deep enough to extinguish their protest shoe fires.
Absolutely loving all these (mostly) peaceful (if moronic) protests in the tag. It's like one giant clusterfuck of irony.
Wow.. the world we live in... we should all be happy for Kaep!!! He stood on his own two feet and God had his back the whole time. This is great for Nike more exposure!! salute you guys for doing what's right.
And the right claim that liberals are the sensitive, emotional snowflakes
My favourite thing about right wing protests is that they tend to stick it to a company by destroy shit theyve bought from that company.NIKE DO NOT CARE IF YOU BURN YOUR SHOES AFTER YOU BOUGHT ‚ÄòEM, YA TITS
Someone help me buy Nike stock right now please? Ill support this backwards and forwards
They will boycott for supporting the right to protest but wont boycott the Catholic church for fucking their kids....
I am over 200 years old and not much given to exercise beyond a brisk walk in muddy conditions, but I am seriously considering the purchase of some lovely Nike training shoes right now
If this continues I'll have no choice but to whip out my !
U see this racist piece of shit world we live in? Ppl getting angry because someone had the moral fortitude to peacefully protest. Make sure you use plenty of kerosine and careful not to use safety equipment when you
Abeg send me the shoes ND socks u wanna burn. Lemme wear it in protest.
There have been a lot of people protesting on twitter today but this is by far and away the best one Ive seen
- Thank you Nike for standing up against racism and the many on the right who support white nationalists, Prez Dotard, etc. I am going to go shopping on the Nike website tonight!
The is small in comparison to other things going on in the world. A waste of energy that could be placed elsewhere in a positive way. People are dying right now. Kids are starving. Throw away & cut out ego & small thinking, not jerseys & socks.
If we don't believe in freedom of speech for those we hate, then we don't believe in freedom of speech at all.
A friendly reminder to the punks who dont know anything at all. > A reminder that Colin Kaepernick came to kneel in protest on the counsel of a former Green Beret
Burning your shoes to because a company (rightly) supports an athlete's stance on something that has NOTHING to do with a flag, the military or an anthem is peak stupidity.
When youve been protesting all your life cause you cant afford their stuff and all of a sudden everyone jumps on the bandwagon
Colin and () are attempting to divide our country. I will NOT buy Nike and Converse shoes in the future. Never again. , you have a brighter future!
To all the people encouraging the bc peacefully protested during his job in uniform, but cheered the turning their backs to while in uniform for their job... try again, hypocrites.
Nike will be just fine. They had a bigger dip in June July than now. Calm down Right Wing Racists. You've done nothing.
For everyone supporting feel free to send size 10-10.5 in shoes and size M in shirts my way. DM for addy.
Im Soo mad I'm gonna burn hundreds of dollars of merch I bought from a company that supports freedoms I claim to uphold
I keep seeing Pat Tillman superimposed behind a the new ad campaign quote from Nike. A touch ironic given what kapernick and others in the ‚Äòkneeling movement were protesting.
Shares of Nike (NKE) fell nearly 3% in midday trading Tuesday. People in the US are destroying their clothes to protest.
Anthem protests aside, wore pig socks denigrating all law enforcement, a shirt glorifying communist Fidel Castro (one of the most oppressive dictators in history), and said our system should be more like Cuba's. Wow, I'll never buy Nike again.
is the go to CHOICE for suicidal CULT members.
get rid of the traitor Kaeperneck, disgraces the men & women in uniform, those who have made the ultimate sacrifice for our country & freedoms while he crys over oppression, what a joke; these spoiled uneducated illiterate athletes are overpaid. BOYCOTT NIKE
This is just to say that Colin Kaepernicks protest destroyed 100% less shit than the white people who are protesting his protest.
The same people who call Liberals snowflakes because they opposite points of views are the same people burning shoes because someone is using his freedom of speech
My choices & thoughts, too!
Who wants all my Nike stuff?! Free to the worst home possible.
for all those burning their Nike shoes right now, I'm sure you're mostly the same people with Nike tattoos or the swoosh logo shaved into your hair...please proceed as with the shoes
will gain more ....they can protest all they want....we buy fashionable clothes way more then whites ..... I already have 30 pair of nikes.....30 more otw
FREE to homes who support trash like 20 pairs of shoes20 pairs of pants39 shirtsThis family supports the not
Yall telling the ppl that are cutting and burning their Nike stuff to give them to you instead but you know they all wear New Balances and Sketchers right?
Pride is to respect flag or protest vs black lives murders by racists cops?
I want to start a but instead of betting on who's going to die next, we're betting on which piece of personal property are going to burn in protest next.
Kaepernick kneels during National Anthem to protest police brutality & racism. Ppl are outraged by the disrespect to military & veterans.Nike supports Kaepernick. Ppl want to get rid of all Nike gear. What about the homeless veterans? They could use that stuff...
WATCH LIVE: Judge Brett Kavanaugh Supreme Court confirmation hearings Kavanaugh: protests disrupt Senate supreme court hearing KavanaughBob WoodwardJon Kyl PollRahm EmanuelFurniture Row RacingAP Top 25Fred Guttenberg
For those of you protesting by burning your Nike gear, put the clothes on first
I think Ill buy a pair right now you racist cunts
Liberals fueled the raise of running, workouts and many other sports and made outdoors fun. The right way to do is to sit in your basement, eat Potato Chips and refuse to fall into this Liberal conspiracy called exercise.
- because did peaceful protest against police abuse, burn your sneakers that you bought without a thought to the slave labor used to make them.
You're not disappointed that cops who violate the constitution are protected by other cops and the judicial system, remain on the police for and receive a pay check, a la Daniel Pantaleo?
Closed Choose a real role model for the brand! Military, police, emergency response sacrifice their lives everyday without acknowledgement!! I'LL NEVER BUY NIKE AGAIN!
Have You Ever Dreamed About Perfect Hips? Now you can have it easily. 70% Off With Free Shipping Today Only!Claim Yours Now --> KavanaughBob Woodward™Ÿä_ÿ™ÿ™ÿÆÿ±ÿ¨ Cavill KylManuel Velasco
Very good point. Virtue signaling and identity politics has now crossed into the consumer market place and the products for sale. Free enterprise has an agenda.
I hear that people are boycotting Nike and burning or cutting up their already owned Nike stuff. Yall know what irony is right?
All these people destroying things to protest a companys stance is just ridiculous. People can have different beliefs. You dont have to act like a child in response. You have the right but that it doesnt mean you should act 12.
Dammit, why is it you folks always burn stuff when you get a little upset at a minor inconvenience like the constitution?
To all the military folks complaining about Kap. You swore to protect the constitution at all cost. You cant sign up to protect these rights, then get mad when the civilians exercise those rights
Even though I dont like Colin Kaepernick I am not going to burn my own shoes and protest. That is just ignorant. Ive already paid for them wise up people.
Couldnt care less about the Nike ad ... I like Nike products, I respect Kaep for taking a stand for something he believes in (his constitutional right btw), and ultimately already has your money so all you ppl burning your shoes/apparel are idiots
RT RT donnedia: Instead of A &amp; Not wanting2 Support A Company that supports Black Athletes 1st Amendment Rights
wants the youth of America to celebrate someone who has done nothing but disrespect the flag, the United States, police officers and every American who has sacrificed his/her life for his freedoms.
Colin Kaepernick has not played in the NFL since March 2017, nor has he kneeled for the national anthem on a public stage since that time. So what are the protesting?
"De Oppresso Liber ("To Free the Oppressed") is the Army Special Forces motto." There's always more to what rouses our anger than we realize.
It seems like people cant form their own opinions about anything anymore. Even if they do, people bully and criticize them till they finally give and conform or now boycott/follow trends.Be your own person, be a leader and do what YOU feel is right!
soooo you lovely concerned boycotting Folks, I'm guessing the Catholic Church is Next on your all's list for molesting Children right ? Or do you only boycott The Morally Right things ?
is no role model, hes an adopted half-black kid with some white guilt complex, that started to suck, & got pussy whipped by an activist MTV slut... why u think he wasnt protesting when he was making the Super Bowl?
My favorite part about the is that the free market gave us this and will continue to do so because the critics are the ignorant minority
Guess I gotta go buy a pair of Nikes to balance out the hate coming from the right wing. Take your and shove it
Nobody is protesting the flag. Nobody is protesting the anthem. Get your facts straight.
If anybody that follow me is boycotting Nike, feel free to hit the DMs with al your free shit. Would be much appreciated
I get that protesting is personal, but goddamn. Some of yall are just really not good at this. On a related note, I wear a size small. Youth larges will also be accepted.
Nike protestolarƒ±nda favorim ayakkabƒ±larƒ±nƒ± ayaƒüƒ±ndan √ßƒ±karmadan yakan adam
Personally, I think its great that I dont have to worry about accidentally wearing the same gym shoes as the Alt Right
Why don't you sell those Nikes on ebay and donate the money to a good cause?Oh, that's right: conservatives don't want a better America, they just want spectacles & pep rallies.
Very stupid choice to represent your brand. If Colin really cares about the black community he would go help the black community in Chicago where thousands of black people die every weekend due to violence. He just wants attention pathetic
I will be joining in not supporting . They make choices and we make choices. Net result is basically no business from me now and into the future.
Instead of burning your shoes in protest, perhaps donating them to Puerto Rico hurricane survivors would be better.
If anyone thinks about burning any Nike trainers in protest please remember............... I'm a UK size 10! Pass them on
LOL people participating in the are only adding fuel to the fire (literally it seems) - all press is good press people! Smart right there
It makes me laugh when people boycott a company because of something they did that leans to one side of the political spectrum. Left and right are both guilty of this boycott nonsense & it's really pathetic. I'm not burning my 's and I'd still eat at In-N-Out!
People out here burning their Nike gear in protest don't grasp the irony in this.
You made the choice to anoint as your face the man who wears Che shirts and socks depicting as pigs. Now I cleanse myself of your twisted marketing strategy
The look (and probable location) of Nike executives right now
If people in the military are getting mad about a form of protest they need to be reminded what they were/are defending in this country. This isnt Nazi Germany just yet, we can speak out.
a) Consider donating that Nike gear you're destroying to homeless vetsb) Consider Nike's manufacturing and labor conditions ethicsc) Consider expanding your ire beyond popular consumerism & politicsd) Consider supporting and practicing peaceful protest
Hey, assholes with the , "Believe in something, even if it means sacrificing everything. " Nike has earned my respect for doing what is right and supporting free speech.
Send me tired, hungry, symbols yearning to breathe racist free air.
Destroying Nike products to me is the numbest reaction ever. First, if you protest this Ad campaign but bought the merchandise before the ad came out, just write Pre CK and keep on trucking!
I am confused: If I support I am not an American and do not support our service personnel. If I support I am a racist that does not support free speech. It appears Americans have lost the ability to agree to disagree. Dialogue is dead.
So right wing morons in america are burning because of an nfl football player didnt want to stand for the anthem? Do us all a favour and burn yourself to death as well
or to homeless vets. I wonder if these reds walking past a homeless vet ever looks in their eyes and offer help. Or better yet help a homeless Black vet. They don't. Yet think burning Nikes is helping the military. is sooo lame. I support 4 the ad. Right On!
I remember when bonfires were made of Beatles albums because of comments made by John Lennon. That protest was also very effective. The Beatles were never heard from again.
Nunca hab√≠a visto algo tan idiota de parte del Alt-Right en quemar Zapatos Nike que ya compraron y Nike disfruta su dinero. Despues dicen que ellos no se ofenden.
Kudos to for its support for our courageous brother , and for freedom of speech. Lets all this week, and each do our small part to counter the .
What do you say to close minded people who say Football games are not the place to protest  ? Im getting this a lot !
I can respect & honor both, soldier& kneeling protester, as my 6th >Grands actually fought a Revolutionary War 2 give me that right! Both are defending our American values! I suggest a remedial real history lesson, not the white Christian fantasy one!
At Nike, Revolt Led by Women Leads to Exodus of Male Executives. "For too many women, life inside Nike had turned toxic." Apparently Nike doesn't always "Do the Right Thing"
Most of the tweets Im seeing are people praising Kapernick, are yall actually boycotting? how dare a man w freedom of speech express himself a country that guarantees freedom of speech. Yall dont want people to express themselves if it goes against your beliefs.
Just a thought:Instead of burning shoes to protest protesting, how about burning candles to honor African Americans who have been unjustly murdered?
Protests Nike because they endorsed a mans 1st Amendment right... and want to obviously have a publicity stunt....Keeps wearing Nike when they continue to endorse a man convicted of one of the worst dog fighting rings in the country....Kudos America. Kudos.
I cant believe people get behind this rhetoric. This stance is so divisive and detrimental to our Union. Wake up America, were going backwards. This attack on is a public execution of the 1st amendment.
How Most feel about right bout now. in FULL effect.[Thus might effect economic growth for ]But.... niggas got ya back .Now [let me buy 
The is so ridiculous. Kaep started protests with the intent to stand against injustices while still respecting troops. Cancelling a brand bc you misunderstand the purpose of his protest is crazy. Change will always be tough bc many refuse to acknowledge the issue.
Just a thought:Instead of burning shoes to protest protesting, how about burning candles to honor African Americans who have been unjustly murdered?
I think, we all think, the was a nice idea. But, not pointin' any fingers, it coulda been done better. So, how about no more logo cutting this time, but next time, we do the boycott right, and then we go full regalia.
The current state of America: Where the President can barely recite the anthem, but a Black American exercising his rights to protest is villainized for standing up for his fellow Americans.
I wish I could afford a pair of Nike shoes. Or healthcare. Or childcare. Or a car payment. Or rent. Maybe I'll get on the next wave of protest.
To everyone burning their Nike shoes and Apparel; this is the epidemy of stupidity: 1st you make Nike money and burn their products, when they already made money off you and 2nd youre creating content about Nike to give them free advertising
Im all pissed off at Nike dont ya seeThey someone a mascot that really angered meIs this person bad, racist, or a cunt?Nope, its a guy who protests before opening punt
The past 4 years Addidas has grown on me. I'm glad I made the right choice in foot wear. I'm more pleased today with my decision today than ever.
A guy set fire to his shoes while wearing them through a trend cause a black man exercised his 1st Amendment rights peacefully as a part of a company's marketing, believing it'll cost the company money when they, in fact, lose none.We live in a South Park episode.
Again- I like reminders.... A reminder that Colin Kaepernick came to kneel in protest on the counsel of a former Green Beret
Repubtards are burning their Nikes. They don't like Colin Kaepernick's method of protest. So like, you're ruining a good pair of shoes to.........wait for it....protest?
'll burn all other nikes.but they'll keep their Jordans. am i right?
way to go, hope the KaeperDICK choice was worth the money, loss of customers and decline in stock value. I guess it would have cost too much to have a military veteran as the face of your campaign.
Love how Liberals are snowflakes, yet the conservatives are out burning their Nikes because they don't understand that it's not the anthem or the flag that Kaepernick is protesting.
First of all, its not a black or white thing > hes right. Its ok to protest. Its not ok to not know what you are protesting and why. Please America, can we all just get along
Right-wing dildo- Boycott NIKE for politicizing their business.(tweets while blowing mud in a Chick-Fil-A bathroom and sporting grease stains from their spicy deluxe on their Dont Tread On Me shirt).
Simply a sick choice. If we want politics out of sports, there must be a penalty.
so, you'll wear them at home???lazy ass protest.
has made its choice. .
why aren't you protesting Black people killing Black people in Chicago??? The problem isnt cops killing black people - it's blacks killing blacks. What are you protesting anyway
Would you like to know how hard an effective, peaceful, subversive protest really is to execute? In response to just an ad campaign people could not help but resort to violence and destruction of property. is a genius.
No in this house for the next yr, at least. This makes the choice easier. . Add that to not watching the , not buying NFL merchandise, & not using 84 Lumber, , & rentals.
Does anyone else feel like we're playing into someone's hands when we actively identify as left/right and seek to alienate the other? There don't have to be extremes...
trump deaded the veterans flag issus bs via blatant disrespect disregard disdain for Senator John McCain.....i would think yall would be tuckered out from protesting the Catholic Church
Them: "We're burning our shoes and cutting off our swooshes to protest . "...Meanwhile me:
you can feel free to drop off all Nike stuff you want to throw away or burn 2424 n pantano Tucson,Az 85730
Soooo all yall protesting Nike for the troops....yeah.
The real news for me right now is not some
To all you overpaid and underbrained jackasses who are burning perfectly good sneakers, your protest is offensive and disrespectful to poor kids who need athetlic shoes.
To all those anti-nike protestors w a size 13 mens shoe HIT YA BOY UP
is way past due! They're have been over priced & of little for years now! Yes, we have the to & the right to wear to show for the , but should we is the ?
We should just throw "Freedom of Expression" out the window. We should remove the freedom to have opinions and everyone should agree with everything. That should be a new "Law" cause no one freely free anyway without it being said it's wrong.
My method of protest does not disrespect my country. My method is to not spend my money with businesses that support those who disrespect our country, anthem, flag and/or veterans. face of Nike's 'Just Do It' ad
Wow Im not sure this is really trending right now.
Right wrong or indifferent, its controversial and that means leave it alone.
Heres a secret to how you stop black athletes from protesting against racial injustice........stop murdering people of color while hiding behind a badge. I know, I know sounds difficult
Follow up to the controversy: isn't being pissed about a company expressing their freedom of speech or for endorsing a player exercising their freedom to protest, in itself "anti-American?"
Looking at all the outrage on the right over shows their hypocrisy is no different then the left they're blocking people and more if they don't agree with their brand of authoritarian symbolism that's why I don't identify as one I believe and true freedom
I can still wear my $5 Avia shoes that I got on sale at Walmart, right?
Spoiled ass white people. They will complain about NFL players protesting, but when it comes to them protesting something, its considered legitimate.
Country Musician John Richs Sound Man Cuts Up Own Nike Socks To Protest Colin Kaepernick Nike Ad = racist
politician come & go, country singers come & go & die, presidents get impeached but is forever who dont understand democracy & freedom to protest should move to & kiss some butts like family do
More Nike for Us must be nice to have money to burn but we cant kneel in peace and for free is racist as hell be very clear here..I need Nike to not backtrack
the irony of protesting a company in support of protesters protest about cops killing Blacks. Welcome to 2018 C.E.
Additionally, change starts with bold statements like this one from . I hope more brands follow suit and acknowledge that there is no act more than peaceful protest.
Have a nice pair of Nikes that I got on sale. Will NEVER be wearing them in public again. Wish I could rip their 'swish" right off of them!
Bonehead move This guy hasn't sacrificed a thing! Does he have a right to his expression? Yes. But you should know better than this. Sad display of your way of celebrating JustDoIt . Frankly Pitiful.
Let me get this straight?So an athlete protests police brutality & racism. Not a fake issue, a real & persistent problem.Major brand supports the athleteNow some call for ???So they are SIDING with RACISM and police brutality?I think your KKK robes are showing
Bad for business? Do you think Nike thought about the demographics? Most of the demographic "protesting the protest", are white adults, probably non- or no longer athletes. The demographic supporting the protest, high percentage of younger athletes.
Meanwhile, angry patriots are burning their Nike gear in protest. Instead, you should send them my way. Im a size M and 9 1/2. Im broke and could use some new running shoes.
The will backfire because its illogical to say that your right to burn products (usually illegal in populated areas) is more important than s right to protest the killing of civilians. PS
I support protesting for rights. I do not support someone that supports a cop killer.
Looks like $NKE thought this one through. Brands get political all the time. I think history and sales will show Nike came down on the right side of this one.
This is absolutely brilliant free PR for the Nike brand and their target audience...which is btw, NOT white supremacists or old white dudes who only watch sports on television
At the end of the day you can hate the method he used but at the same time dont let that be the reason you overlook the Real issues that oppressed people are facing in this land meant for the free and the dreamers.
Yo righties: if a sports ad makes you cry and burn your shoes youre no longer allowed to call lefties over sensitive
Lol u see all these racist folks on here don't you!!!they keep talking bout a flag and u know damn well that ain't what kapernick was protesting against alright hide seek is over now will all the white supremacists please stand up we see u tweeting
Let me get this straight?So an athlete protests police brutality & racism. Not a fake issue, a real & persistent problem.Major brand supports the athleteNow some call for ???So they are SIDING with RACISM and police brutality?I think your KKK robes are showing
Im with you. Shirts and shoes going in the trash where it protesters are already there.
Can U believe this Colin Kaepernicks Historic Nike Contract.I believe in the constitution&free speech BUT being an athlete you have a responsibility as role model to kids. Boycott both for shame to them.
Let me get this straight?So an athlete protests police brutality & racism. Not a fake issue, a real & persistent problem.Major brand supports the athleteNow some call for ???So they are SIDING with RACISM and police brutality?I think your KKK robes are showing
Why the national anthem? I dont get it. I'm all for freedom of speech,but why can't you protest some other way. Why not be a mentor to someone instead of trying to spread more hatred??
One last thing; no more NFL jerseys or team gear either, can't wear it, Nike owns the rights to having their symbols on the jerseys. So go ahead and boycott the brand, tear up all your Nike clothing, but tear up your jerseys, fan gear, and your retros. Rant over
I work for Nike& its a SUPER slow month for us anyways and before you right-wing snowflakes (or WHATEVER) attack me. This isnt a publicity stunt. Just letting u know from within we DONT care. They still signing checks regardless
The Right Wing: The allows us to stockpile weapons in case the government abuses its power. : The govement is abusing its power. The Right Wing: How dare you hate America!!!
Was just reading about the homie who set his Nikes on fire... while they were still on his feet. I'd say that just about sums it all up right there.
I love the NFL, I respect Nike, and I respect Colin Kaepernick. Kaepernick protest police brutality of people of color. It took a few rich, racist, white politicians to easily convince Other racist that he was disrespecting soldiers and the flag. SMH U.S.A.
people burning and cutting their gear..which they PAID FOR because of is just nuts.. do they think that a multi Billion dollar global company didn't do a cost/benefit analysis? They did, and found that being on the right side of history= benefit
Ppl are a bunch of idiots!!!Your protest of destroying "Your"stuff Not going to stop millions who will still buy! They can't kneel, cant do shit.. racist and hypocrites
Hey White people, I get that you're protesting and all but do you think you can find another way to handle your Nike clothes... I don't know, maybe donate it.
Oh wow!!! Get down to the Thrift and get yourself a pair don't sweat. Thank you for standing up for the right to stand down.
We live in a world where people are burning clothes & shoes in protest while others are out here with only the clothes on their back & no shoes on their feet...
If any furious Americans are thinking about burning some Nike US size 11, feel free to send them to me instead, especially Jordans and AF1s.
For those of you boycotting Nike and wear size 9.5 please feel free to slide in my dm's, I will gladly take them off your hands
Kudos to Nike for doing what I feel is the right thing. For those that don't agree continue tearing up/burning up your S*^%. It's yours.
This is a dark day for some downright lovely people who've possibly boycotted Nike et al for years over sweatshop labour. Imagine your love of humanity leading people to believe you're actually a nazi.
Freedom of speech really ? watch, listen, and discover with Canada's Public Broadcaster
So can someone explain to me how all these folks upset about the disrespect of the flag&our veterans. .are all over my TL ACTUALLY disrespecting our veterans&even those currently serving?Like?Why even be mad about 'kaps disrespectful protest' if yall doing the same?
Well said. didnt sacrifice everything:1. Hes still alive.2. Hes still wealthy.3. He has his right to speak out.4. Hes free.All he sacrificed was a job. And that was due to his valuesit was due to his attitude and behavior.
Anyone so dissatisfied with your Nike apparel that you dont want it. Feel free to leave it at your neighborhood Salvation Army or Goodwill Drop box
Free basic AR Vuforia Course ∞È¢®21Âè∑
How dare you disrespect our planet by burning your shoes and polluting the air with toxic fumes! Stop protesting against our planet!
It's fun when white liberals feel free to lecture black folks about what behaviour is expected of us... and acceptable to them isn't it? Rahm Emanuel Bob Woodward Kavanaugh Supreme Court
No way! Thank you, for defending our right to free speech.
u know what would stick it to those ppl protesting n have them shut up is if Colin donated a portion of his Nike money to a vet charity then what would they or better yet if a vet was kneeling during the anthem lol they would have nothing 2 say
Hey guys if you are going to protest this is how you do it. Please follow step by step
Another point about the (see previous tweet) ... I betta not hear one word about "It's stupid to destroy your own stuff in protest" ... Cuz I'll be pulling receipts of these shenanigans.
If youre protesting youre really saying that youre okay with police brutality and that people of color dont matter as much as you do. Now you dont need to hide behind a white pointed hood.
It's hilarious that folks are the same people who hated MLK and the civil rights boycotts and sit ins
Ive had it up to my eyeballs with this virtue signaling over the It is absolutely none of your business what I choose to do with items I worked to acquire! If I choose to burn shoes & apparel, Its my business! I dont owe a homeless person anything!!
As a I stopped by today to make a purchase in support of marketing campaign featuring . I wonder how all this free publicity from will improve sales? I know many other veterans who also support and defend
? "...so many people are disgusted by athletes kneeling peacefully during the Star Spangled Banner, yet so few people are disgusted with the issues that Kaepernicks protest was intended to bring awareness to!" This is on point!!!
Hey ! This Player. Truly Gave Up Everything for What He Believed In and the Freedom of this Country! Get It Right !! Where is His Campaign ?!!!
Ok...now this made me laugh out loud. ya'll fool up. going to be more than alright. And then on top of that black people are going to do what they did for Black Panther (possibly) and the hell out of the brand.
because peaceful protest is so much worse than collusion with Russia.
Typical right-wingers, destroying something they already bought. At least when the left protests, they destroy the stores and take the product for free.
I have a life because of the men and women who have fought and are fighting for the flag and our freedoms. The very thing that Crapperneck chooses to dishonor. So it's kind of a big deal when a company like Nike chooses to reward that kind of behavior.
Remember free speech only applies to the government controlling speech,a business can fire you for speech they disagree with.
Yall really gonna take those hard earned American dollars from an AMERICAN company using its AMERICAN rights and give em to that German company? Your patriotism is on backwards.
I am more concerned over a GOP congress disrespecting our Constitution by not providing proper checks and balances than a football player demonstrating his 1A right and a sport shoe promo. Priorities folks.
Already dumped, for a tidy profit. I have four kids- 3 tennis players and one golfer. Hence forth Under Armor and Adidas, ASICS and Puma will be providers of choice.
True patriots would never excoriate a person (or a company) for exercising their first amendment rights. As a veteran I swore to defend the Constitution. Period. Stop acting like children. is stupid. Focus on why started kneeling in the first place.
If you want the athletes to stop kneeling why don't you just address the issue that started it all in the first place? How hard would it be to say "oh, that's why you're doing it? Alright, let's look into this further because that sounds fucked up."
Hey, people who are burning their gear! You do realize you already paid for that stuff right AND Nike already has your money!?!? Please stop grandstanding already. No one cares about your tantrums! We're with No stronger than black buying power!
When Other Brands Do You Wrong Standing Strong (FYI Tell Nike This Slogan Is Free)
is trending right now. Here's its tune!
Colin is correct for standing up/kneeling for his beliefs just as it's everyone's else's right to boycott.
Idiots are burning theyre Nike stuff they already bought how does that affect them now you aint got no socks. The kneeling wasnt to disrespect the troops and Republicans are to stupid to listen about it. Its about black rights. Im gonna go enjoy my Nike shit
Trumpkins: No service member swore to defend a flag or a song. They swear to defend the Constitution & ALL the rights within. Including the that you & your Dear Leader shit on daily. Your stupidity & hypocrisy addiction hurt us all. Bravo & !
If fans choose to burn or discard gear- this would be a sad and uninformed choice as also is a part of the campaign. Do ALL the work : be informed and support
So y'all willing to boycott Nike over a protest about social injustice but won't boycott the church over rape of kids. Ok.
Nike decided to take a knee in protest of law enforcement. Nike chose to take a stand with the person calling police officers pigs. I no longer support Nike and NO I wont donate the Nike gear I already own, Im not giving them free advertising.
The Nike ad says  sacrifice everything ... you guys do know that in March 2017 Kaepernick said he would stand for the national anthem just to get picked up on free agency. So much for his strong principles.
Those protesting wouldn't know what was if it walked up and slapped them across the face. If they did, a lying FIVE TIME DRAFT DODGER, , would not have been their Presidential nominee over Senator , in my opinion.
U stupid wypipo who are protesting for veterans and standing for the anthem by burning your Nike shoes, are literally spitting in the faces of homeless veterans without shoes/clothing. This is bigotry and hate at it's purest form.
So y'all willing to boycott Nike over a protest about social injustice but won't boycott the church over rape of kids. Ok.
Good for and , and fuck the right-wing nutjobs.
For those who feel upset and are engaging in a , before you destroy your gear, think about why you are upset and donate your shoes to homeless veterans. Respect the flag, support our troops and veterans right? Prove it.
Wear all your Nike stuff and set it on fire as a protest!
Notice, whites will start for supporting black rights, but wont boycott the Catholic Church...interesting.
WOW Want to Remove Constitution's "Bill of Rights" Which Made AmericaUnique in World! "Rahm Emanuel" "Ben Sasse"
BREAKING: Nikes Air Monarch shoes in danger of no longer being the right wings preferred choice of dad shoe in wake of new ad featuring
: the Keurig protest 2.0Listen, so you're gonna be so mad that you'll go out, contribute to the industry, and burn it???? What kind of backwards knowledge...imagine if they used this anger towards domestic abuse and police brutality
Veterans: We support Colin Kaepernick since this is what we fought for. MAGA Idiots: Colin Kaepernick is disrespecting the veterans who fought for his freedom.
All these protestors have done 's job for them. They've had as much coverage from supporters as they have from those against them. Best ad campaign ever. Fucking genius.
I don't care what color the person is that disrespects the flag, I don't like it. I AM a Vietnam Veteran!! Has Kap or any other NFL player been to Vietnam or any other combat zone to protect the rights of Americans that do respect the flag and what it stands for?
The extreme right continues to use victims as the faces for their bullshit agenda all whilst ignoring their families direct wishes to NOT do so. If thats not a literal embodiment of this presidency I dont know what is.
Though I think its stupid to burn, cut up your Nike gear or , I do support your right to protest like that! Now support others right to protest by taking a knee!
Ive begun the destroy Nike process, ive eliminated all check marks from my life, off my shoes, my grocery list, even that 5th grade spelling test I still have where my teacher checked off all my right answers I WILL NOT STAND FOR IT
if ur burning ur nikes in protest to kaepernicks advert nike probs aint want u to wear their brand anyway
Im gonna boycott MAGA hats and not buy one instead I will go buy a Nike hat you all know boycott in this day and age is code word for free advertising right?!
Talk about free advertising
I love how the has been hijacked by majority of Americans who support Colin Kaepernick Can you MAGAts do anything right? Once again, YOU ARE THE MINORITY we could careless what you racist POS get mad about. Half of yall don't even wear Nike, you buy Walmart
Please unfollow me if you support because you don't understand what Kapaernick's protest is about. If you support it, you wouldn't like/understand what else I say or write, anyway. Thank you.
No protest on all the innocent children raped by Catholic priest but burn your Nike outlet $45 shoes?
Any of yall participating in the feel free to send me ur clothes/shoes/etc.
It about human rights and you chose the biggest platform possible to be heard.. Hes like im not burning my nikes...to make a long story even shorter 5 minutes later he taps me on the shoulder like.. you know i dont mean anything....
Just had a brief interaction with a coworker... "basically was like i just wanna watch football" tired of this crap.. blah blah ... says some shit about doesnt agree with the platform kaep. But he has the right.. im like there is nothing to disagree with /1
Notice how people to the right of chairmen Mao calls for boycott and not silence?
Hold on! People are destroying their own clothes, which they already bought, to protest Nike? Lol ok, look....it doesnt really work like that. You already gave them your money for those clothes. You're literally doing NOTHING to Nike.
Americans are cutting and burning their socks and shoes up to protest against someone who was protesting against social injustice. I can't even... ? No way. I applaud and hope they stick to their guns
Rosa parks wasnt protesting the bus system
Boycotting for exercising their right to do what the fuck they want is the complete opposite of what stands for. Intolerance and boycotts are for
Its hilarious to me how the right calls liberals sensitive snowflakes but theyre literally destroying their own clothing over someone taking a knee. Over an advertisement. But were sensitive...
Due to Nike's support of Colin Kaepernick, some Right-Wing protesters are burning their shoes. In related news, the number one sneaker brand in America is now Crocs.
Only a stupid republican would burn a shoe they already paid for and then give the company free publicity worth millions by making a video about their product.
buy more Nike gear so you burn them? Thats as smart as eating hot coal. I am a veteran and I applaud for supporting what I fought for: Freedom.
LET ME GO BUY SOME NIKE APPAREL RIGHT QUICK. fxck your - they're on the right side of progressive change
is so dumb. Who cares what side of the aisle you're on. You do know that Nike gives the military a discount right. Combining this issue with the military is just stupid
Mindfulness is an essential quality for a good relationship. Be mindful of what you say to your partner. May God give us the wisdom to speak rightly
Probably would stay away from right now. Your company may get caught up in the .
One side is boycotting and protesting for equality that is designed to eliminate discrimination. The other side will start in order to preserve that discrimination. keep doing your best and stay positive brother.
...?! Nah, Im doing the Cupid Shuffle in my Vapormax right now...
If youre doing this stupid ass youre honestly so stupid, bringing in was so amazing thank you for doing the right thing
Basically he is like the Tazmanian Devil.. shows up destorys things, then says um,,, I think its time to go... Sounds about right Democrats
He is a just football player. Everything else is a gimmick, unless somehow he has a magical knee that makes black people bullet proof. Even then, hed have to time it just right. Interesting superpower. Should he quit his day job and join the avengers?
There yall go again. Protesting the protestors.
SAVE A LIFE. JUST DO IT. Or. MAKE SOMEONES DREAM COME TRUE. JUST DO IT. Better choices!!!
The same folks participating in the are the same ones who pridefully note that cops protect the KKK during marches because free speech is that precious. Let that sink in folks.
SAVE A LIFE. JUST DO IT. Or. MAKE SOMEONES DREAM COME TRUE. JUST DO IT. Better choices!!!
the discussion shouldn't be if he supposedly disrespected America but what we can do for equal rights and respect for fellow humans.He has/had it all, could ignored it all. But came up for those who aren't that fortunate.
Im not gonna be the one to critique the yall can protest nonviolently all day
Dear Nike protesters, if you have already purchased the item you are going to purge no one actually cares, especially the company that already has your money.
The Constitution, where true patriotism of a nation/state begins. U.S. Constitution: The First Amendment guarantees freedoms concerning religion, expression, assembly, and the right to petition. A bunch of people swore an oath to this.
Just Choose It
God u guys r something else n need to get over yourselves cause its his right to protest n not against the law for kneeling during the anthem n maga is a lie y cause u where never that gr8 to begin with
People burning Nike shoes and T shirts because a man who exercises his right to protest is an endorsee makes it ok for me to burn bibles and crucifixes because the men who endorse those things are pedophiles.
in case y'all are wondering what the alt-right thinks about , here's their hashtag on their own social platform
I support and will not join any . Our flag is a symbol of freedom and justice, and when part of our population does not feel free or treated with justice, I support peaceful protest pointing that out. Thank you !
Wow the and rich white teen boys who are burning that Mommy paid for.'s not a protest, it's idocy.
Today I wear my , but not like any other day. Today I wear them with a purpose and with pride! Thank you & for doing what is right. I say NO to the and YES to
Those of you using dead veterans as your battle cry. They did believe in something, the right to exercise your freedom, from taking a knee to marching with torches, not just the ones you agree with! This from a 23 year disabled Navy vet!
Nike you have made a serious mistake utilizing the self serving, gratuitous protest he made. He used an employees workplace without permission to protest the police! .
For the people saying they wont buy Nike anymore, there's just as many people (if not more) now wanting to buy their products. Your bigotry disguised as self righteous bullshit is fooling no one
So, you are so privileged you can throw $150 pair of shoes in a fire to protest? You also have no heart. There are poverty-stricken people around the world who would consider any pair of shoes a luxury. Donate. Do some good for heavens sake.
Amerikkkans burning / destroying a product you purchased, isnt protesting. . It's just showing , you dont grasp common sense.. Carryon ..
The left: You should be donating Nike shoes to the vets instead of burning themThe right: You should be donating New Balance shoes to the poor instead of burning themMe: Uhh am I stuck running in Keds now?
Never bought a pair of Nikes in my life. Already ordered 2 pair after their new ad campaign.Well done, . Time to step up as well, , , , etc.(And no worries about or any other -- the right side of history will always be stronger.)
Whoever is participating in the , please feel free to send me your Nike gear. I will gladly take em off your hands
Rhetorical question?Of course not sacrificing!! Making millions off his unamerican protests. Years from now Solomon,people will look back &say this was the pivotal point where the went downhill into irrelevance
I guess the guys part of the are used to burning things right ?
The is the most childish thing Ive ever seen. How dare someone stand up for what they believe in. Isnt America built on freedom? Or is that only when it lines up perfectly in what you believe in?
Right Wingers Burn Their Nike Shoes To Protest Colin Kaepernick Nike Ad (Video) = deeply offended that a black man peacefully protested against police brutality
If anyone protesting and have a pair of Nike Cortez shoes in black and size 9.5 I'll be more than happy to take them off your hands. Hey I'm a anyway so it's like you're donating to a veteran.
Some radio guy: Fellow Republicans, lets protest. You know what that means, right?Repubs: Oh yeah, definitely. Do it all the time. Eh heh heh heh.......?(But actually) SWOOSH!
From Twitter: Right-wing snowflakes destroying Nike gear that they already bought is what you get when all the people who don't know the difference between "your" and "you're" try to throw a protest. Good work! LMAO
protest the protest that is protesting about another protest !,,whoa im dizzie now, rooms spinning
Are you upset over endorsing freedom, justice, and equality for all Americans and not just white Americans? If so then it's time to boycott Nike right after you cut their logo off of everything you own.
The same people who say "the left can't meme" can't even fuckin' protest right.
Hahaahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaahahahahaahahahahahaahahahahhaahahhahahahahahahahahaahah good luck with that you right wing dorks..
People really think that burning their stuff will do something? Why dont you use that energy on something more important? You know like to end racism, human rights, helping the poor? But go on burning your shoes
Bottom Line: left-leaning young folks have the megaphone, right-leaning older folks have the pocket books. Stay out of marketing with political undertones and youll be just fine, avoiding the wrath of both.
Kap made it clear that his protest was no disrespect to the American Flag and he took a knee to shed light on the killing of innocent black and brown ppl because that flag is suppose to symbolize liberty and justice for all, but there is no justice being shown
Please help me understand: people are burning shoes because freedom of speech is unamerican, and disrespects soldiers fighting for freedom?Obviously I'm missing a piece here...
Dude you're protesting Nike?!?!?! I respect you enough not to put your name out there tho.... Time to re-evaluate.
Instead of throwing away or burning your Nike gear to protest the Kaepernick bs, how about you donate them to the homeless or veterans in need. Just a thought...
So like the people burning their Nike shoes.... yall know they have your money right ? Like you are the ones at a loss ... burning your shoes .... p.s yay for !! Good choice peeps!
Here's my piece: If you're protesting and being a part of the , I better not see you wearing an NFL jersey this weekend.
Imaging being so racist that you boycott a company for hiring a person who believes that black people should have equal rights
I love all the free advertising Nike is getting all over social media. Yall keep showing them who is boss!
Right ?
In support of 1st Amendment rights STAY SEATED at sporting events where the anthem is played!!!!!!!!!!I stand (and knee) with Colin!
So since yall made this kneeling protest about us veterans and the flag (it never was) how about yall participating in the donate those to thousands of homeless veterans, or those service members that are away from their families fighting for YOUR FREEDOM.
Stop talking about our troops. 1. They fight for our rights (which kaep exercised), not the flag2. You're burning apparel that could be given to troops (in need) you say you care so much about3. Kaepernick kneeling was about a cause, not the flag.
burning or throwing your Nike products wont help right now.
. . i know you anti crist want sensor free speech and god you will fail all the same will stand against you
Fascinating. As someone in the communications and PR field, I am not a fan of that saying "there is no such thing as bad publicity," but I think that's pretty accurate for . Even the negative coverage is benefiting them right now.
Those of us who support our First Amendment rights should GO BUY A NEW PAIR OF NIKES!!!!!!!!!!!
Do you think those protesting by participating in the appreciate the irony?
Loving watching the right, who loves to make fun of snowflakes, have a complete and total meltdown over get use to seeing the "lefties" you hate start showing you what real winning looks like.
Half of yall country tails dont wear your gear right anyway.
Oh God, this is worst than I thought. Now, misguided leftists are supporting a multinational corporation with oppresive business practices in order to spite right wingers who support said business practices on principle. This is peak 2018.
And people are STILL pretending to miss the purpose of Colins protest. Fake mad ahh!
rights violations: OK Kneeling to protest police brutality: How dare you!!!!!!
SO, you are burning your Nike stuff?I wouldn't be so self righteous about it.You should of been ashamed of having it in the first place.
Please dont just boycott. Quit your jobs so i can slide right on in
The people who are protesting Nike Hate our Feet.
i never thought i'd see the day where people are freaking out over someone expressing their right to peaceful protest meanwhile no one cares that it's disrespecting the flag to wear it on a shirt or merchandise. Look it up.
This is disgusting. It just shows you that simple minded people dont want change in this country that should have happened a very long time ago. Its sad that someone cant take a stand by kneeling in a RESPECTFUL protest.
I honestly don't understand the . is protesting the racism in this country and decided to join him in the fight.
Some people are burning their sneakers in protest of Nike's Colin Kaepernick support.
Good on your decision to employ Kaepernick after the racists proved him right by freezing him from NFL, burning shoes is reminiscent of the cross burners. I'm sure Nike is bothered, what will the HILLBILLYS do next burn THEIR money to protest against the banks
Tweets emerged with the hashtag , with some including images of people destroying, defacing or burning their Nike gear Kap, Nike and 'Bron all like free speech. So be it. Consumers also like free speech. It's a beautiful thing.
Rightwingers are protesting Nike by lighting their shoes on fire. The KKK's always been famous for burning Crossfits
Can a very important person who just happens to be caucasian PLEASE say on a big media outlet that the protest is NOT ABOUT THE FLAG OR VETERANS por favor so these idiots doing the will heat it from someone theyll listen to
LOL at the people protesting because of being angry at someone for protesting.
The only thing burning your shoes accomplishes is you just wasted $80+ BUT you do have the right to burn your own shoes in protest. JUST LIKE the NFL players have the right to sit/kneel for the National Anthem in protest. Interesting
These folks with the . They claim to love patriotism and freedom yet they want to force you against your rights to stand for the Flag. They want to force their version of Religion (Baptist) down your throats. They want POTUS to be POTUS for life. So democratic
I believe people should be free to boycott whatever they wish; but let's put the in perspective: White people burning shoes & destroying garments because a company chose to support a black man who knelt. This is not a boycott, it's a white temper tantrum.
Look at the type of people offended by this. That says it all right there
people boycotting for the campaign... I see you. Protesting a company for supporting a cause, I like it. kind of reminds me of how Collin was protesting a country for social injustices. Oh, wait...
Don't burn your in protest. Sell them on for a few dollars. That drives down the demand.
What do you think? Was this the right move for Nike? Pro or Con?
Nike is the liberal champion, despite using child labor and sweatshops to build their products. But conservatives are fueling their sales and giving them free marketing by burning and boycotting their products. We are chasing our tails into insanity....
The same people burning their Nike merchandise in outrage over Colin Kaepernick are also the ones who tell you that businesses have the right to make decisions based on what they believe and are usually calling everyone else snowflakes.
The right are beside themselves with rage and it's funny
By now its pretty clear the idiots still dont understand boycotting the national anthem has nothing to do with the military. This is not Venezueal or China okay! You have the right here to not stand and not be sent to Siberia for doing so!!! Get a grip
If you protested Nike in 2015 but don't understand it in 2018, you are what's wrong with this country.
Hey idiots, if you dont like that much that, then how about donating your socks and shoes to those in need LIKE VETERANS?! If you dont want to support a corporation, THEN DONT! Its called the free market for a reason!
Republicans smashing their Nike iphones in protest, after Nike chooses Colin Kaepernick for new Ad
So the protesters burn the sneakers they purchased fuelling mainstream support around the world for brand and presumably buy a replacement from or another competitor 75% of which are based outside the US?
SUPPORTS POLICE OFFICERS! "the rogue cops that are allowed to hold positions in police departments, not only put the community in danger, but also put the cops that have the right intentions in danger by creating an environment of tension and mistrust."
Kind of enjoying how the right is loosing their minds over and the . And they call the left snowflakes??
I'm sorry, but the same people who talkin' bout are the same folks who gave folks shit for boycotting In N Out. Ya'll funny man. Self contradicting. Wanna be right but so bad.
Done with you Nike. I spent a good portion of my life defending this country and now, and Im not saying he doesnt have the right, you support a man that kneels at the flag Ive defended. Youve lost my business, my teams business and many of my friends business.
My brother told me to burn my nike shit and i told him to shut up. Our people arent getting shot for basically nothing so he cant have a say in anything. He told me they fought and died for that flag. I told him they also fought and died for our rights. Hes now quiet
R U kidding me w/has-been, fired ex-NFL QB loser no one wants taking a stand?! Ha! When , or , who've millions & position to lose, kneel, THAT would be saying something. But a has-been protests? So?
Brilliant move by Nike to sign Kaepernick, and upsetting all the right people in the process. their bottom line will be just fine, and as a bonus they'll be on the right side of history.
For real tho anyone participating in the feel free to send me all your gear... I will make sure to dispose of it properly
Interesting how you dont see a protestor burning a pair of Sean Wotherspoons or numbers its always some disgusting running shoe no one under 45 would be seen dead in.
New Balance Corporate right now.
Funny that the person who came up with the idea of kneeling instead of sitting during the anthem was a Veteran! Nate Boyer suggested that to Kaepernick out of respect during his peaceful protest
I CALLED IT! I FUCKING CALLED IT!!! I knew the Far-Right/Alt-Right will call for a Jesus H. Christ, this boycott is just as ridiculous and stupid as the In-N-Out boycott.
NFL national anthem protesters: Where are they now?
I'm so glad they wanted the face of their company. To be someone that doesn't know why he's protesting. First he said it was the flag then he said it was police brutality then he said it was bc he's not playing. Can we make up our mind?
Offende by Nike? Don't want your Nike stuff anymore? We'll take it. DM us and we'll take it off your hands, free of charge. You'll have to ship it to us though. Thanks!!
Just do it! Do what? Promote a loser. Kaepernick declared himself a free agent in March 2017 but has remained to this day without a team. No one wants him.
This ignorant fo0l set his own feet on fire in protest of Nike deal. This to please your orange god is beyond crazy. This is some sh*T ,you MF's are really off the deep end with this racist BS.
Man, the is like a who's who for the clueless right and bot central. In related news, I just bought new running shoes.
You burning your Nike gear costs Nike nothing, & gives them free advertising.They are going to sell more to others because of the campaign.You think a multi billion dollar company didn't study the cost/benefit fallout before launching the campaign?Lol.
Dont boycott because of Kaepernick. Just buy instead. Better shoe, better value and made by your friends and neighbors right here in America
Buy Nike. Just do the right thing! Thought we'd evolved since burning things after Beatles albums, books, and bras. .
is the only true hero we need right now. is amazing, thank you for supporting him and this cause!
Niggas Thats Boycotting Nike Right Now Only Purchase Walmart Nike Products
Some people dont have the luxury of burning their clothing and shoes when the get mad. Most of those people are American children and Veterans. Be a productive protester and donate your shit before you burn it on camera.
Get caught burning ya Nikes over here we gone kick ya fuckin ass nah go protest dat shit
Any outraged right-wing Americans out there about to cut up/set fire to a pair of last years fabulous & DISCONTINUED Lycra womens golf shorts (12 leg) in a large? Can send postage and an envelope?
picked one hell of a hill to die on with this deal. Reality is they have a right to, but just as suffered consequences 4his ill conceived actions IMO, so will . Not gonna say go full on , but I dont doubt many ppl have or will.
The Trump administration has brought out all the racists! I cant believe people burning perfectly good clothes and shoes is actually a thing! America looks really bad to the rest of the world right now smh
And the trumpers do it again, follow each other like sheep with a stupid protest that hurts only them. Remember the Keurig burning?
Instead of destroying your products, just dm me and ill take them off your hands for free! Shoes, shirts, windbreakers, jerseys, joggers, visors, you name it and ill take it.
If you're really planning on getting rid of your Nikes please consider . offers free shipping on shoe donations and DSW will give you points for donations.
Conservatives realize that boycotts only work before you have bought the product, right?
Once again, old, angry, white people believe that burning a product in protest actually does anything. I mean, who even remembers the Beatles, Black Sabbath, and Iron Maiden after enraged parents burned their albums?
Just to be clear, those associated with the , you're peacefully protesting, somebody's peaceful protest?Asking for a friend.
The reminds me of you guys that say this will be the last time I rent here haha yeah right, if we are the cheapest, you will. Have a nice day.
Just an unironic reminder that participation in the is exercising your right to protest. In the words of "Can cognitive dissonance give you whiplash?"
Nike already took your money... its your lost not them.. if you dont want them feel free to send it to me
At the end of the day, people respect THEIR Freedom of Speech, not anyone else's. Assumptions are easily made when all you know about someone is their online persona. I stand by my comment on this a.m., & any hatred, disapproval, bile is directed at an avatar.
Let's vote!Who is your choice Candidate for 2019 for President & VPForget Political Party for now, just vote
Someone said it right when they said Nike seems to appeal mostly to black youths. Nike tried ice hockey equipment 20 years ago and it tanked. Cant remember the last time I saw an old fart my age wearing Nike anything.
Hi, I'm a Freelancer. I'm Entry, Listing, , , media marketing Expert. If you need any help please contact with me at Jon Kyl
Remember when people were insulting the black community of for burning their town in protest? protesting by destroying stuff you paid a shit ton of money for is smarter? Proving his point racist racist America
I dont understand. If youre so upset and participating in the , fine. Its your right. But instead of burning your shoes, how about donating them to people in need...
There are real issues in the world bigger than a company standing by the 1st amendment right of an individual to take a stand against injustices that true patriots, good decent people would support. is a sham. You should all be ashamed of yourselves. Really.
Dear Nike, I am proud of you. I will not BOYCOTT you for standing up for whats right!
Amazes me how stupid Americans are that they still cannot understand what Kaepernick was protesting against. Imagine being a supporter of just because he's the face of an advert. Burning items that you've paid for because you don't understand his protest.
What is the ? Its funny because I already hate them to begin with and it has / had nothing to do with whats going on right now. Theyre just a greedy company that charges way too much for clothing and some people wear it to be cool
All these people out there burning their Nike shoes to protest against The Flag, against our troops, and against the United States of America.
y'all need to stop wit that hoe ass shit, Nike the plug. In fact I might just go to the Nike store right now!
DO YOU EVEN HEAR ME???? Why can't you put two & two together in your minds and realize he has protested the apparent rule & reign of racist thug murderers in a particular part of the country. My father was just one of the victims here and we were CZECHS!!!!!!!!
"I cannot support American endeavors, businesses, traditions, brands, and employees if they support peaceful protest, because peaceful protest is unpatriotic."
I hate that my wonky foot size doesn't allow me much choice. Would love to support with their fantastic campaign but instead I'm forced to support Trump loving because they're the only shoe wide enough.
Oh, and if anyone disagrees with my view on the issue please feel free to buy up all of my product from stores and burn it.......... you fucking morons
When I see Veterans on social media protesting Nike by burning gear, I conclude 1 of 4 things: they arent conscious as to why they served their service amounted to nothing more than a paycheck they arent Veterans proximity hate is the cause
These are the racists types who don't or won't understand what is protesting. Morons who keep trying to change the narrative. Burning their do idiots like these even wear shoes?
The is a perfect example of how people want their right to do whatever they want but won't give the same courtesy to someone else
Anyone in America wanna get rid of there Nike gear inbox me Ill take it p.s you ship to England right?
So, y'all MAGAts are burning Nike stuff because you don't like their support of a black man exercising his right to Constitutionally protected free speech, even though you already bought and paid for those items?How's that workin' for ya?
Funny how the far right always end up on the wrong side of history.
Imagine being so mad at a company advertising an American Athlete who peacefully protested against racial inequality, that you burn your $100 clothes instead of donating them to veterans you pretend to care about
Don't think $NIKE is to overly concerned with a few ignorant racists choosing to boycott their company. In the long run NIKE standing with Kaepernick and being on the right side of the debate will make them billons.
From now on I will only buy thanks for stepping up and doing the right thing change will happen when large entities begin the change and we all follow!
NIKE IS NOT AMERICAN NEVER WILL I EVER PURCHASE ANYTHING NIKE AGAIN! I CHOSE MY COUNTRY! REMEMBER THOSE THAT DIED FOR YOUR FREEDOM!
Nike is using Kaepernick to seem like a socially conscious company while at the same time making millions off of NFL uniforms, the SAME people who attacked Kaepernick for his protests. The hypocrisy is unbelievable.
You burned your Nike gear to protest an image that features a guy who stands against murder and oppression in your country? To what end exactly?
Corporate virtue signaling is just a PR stunt to get free advertising. Nikes temporary stock woes will undoubtedly be compensated by sales.And if you really think Nike is or will ever be virtuous in any way, youre incredibly stupid.
Nike had been paying Colin Kaepernick all along, waiting for the right moment. That moment is now, as he becomes the face of the companys 30th anniversary of the Just Do It campaign.That tshirt link is :
To protest , I'll be purchasing 4 pairs of shoes, 2 pairs of socks, a tshirt and shorts. I will then burn all of those items and post a video recording on social media... Yeah, that'll show them!!
Welcome to America...Where the President doesnt even know the words to the National Anthem but a black man kneeled as a peaceful protest and was slandered nationwide/fired from his job. Now Nike is supporting him and suddenly theyre the bad guys.
Now this is just funny. Here you have the white folk airing their while the plays. A during the anthem in response to and protesting during the anthem. I've seen it all.
Any one supporting the Nike boycott needs to really look into the whole story. Its sad how so many just jumped on that wagon to boycott Nike. They did the right thing is wrong but then no one can get through those thick heads.
Fuck this Im going to buy nike kicks right now
Just donate the stuff if you are going to be that ignorant about this people, don't waste items other people need because of your own lack of understand of how freedom of speech works.
Deliberate fashion choice.
The MSM doesn't mention that the protest wasn't just about race, but also our two tiered justice system: fat cat politicians and banksters run wild where regular folks would be sent to jail. This is a big part of why Trump won.
All these assholes burning their shoes in protest of Nike could maybe just donate them instead of trying to be a part of some kind of sensationalism. Do something positive in your protests and help out those in need and stop being such selfish pricks
lets not forget colin kapernicks whole protest is based on a false narrative. its bullshit and nike has bought into it to sell more shoes
Racism is so part of America. That to protest racism for them is to protest the flag...
Kavanaugh Supreme Court hearing kicks off with numerous arrests as protesters shout down lawmakersKavanaugh Henry Cavill Bob Woodward ™Ÿä_ÿ™ÿ™ÿÆÿ±ÿ¨ Jon Kyl Rahm Emanuel
The author of the national anthem was a racist who supported slavery and even believed that blacks were mentally inferior  . One of the stanzas is a diss towards any black person who had courage to fight for their freedom. S/o to NIKE for the support Fuck the !
Nike revealed that Kaepernick  the NFL quarterback who generated controversy for during the national anthem to protest Racial injustice and Police brutality would be part of its 30th anniversary "Just Do It" campaign.
Im sure knew there was a possibility of this kind of push back, but its good to finally see a company thats willing to put doing the right thing over making money. This is what the should have done.
Is the NFL the only venue he can protest on? Is he donating his Nike earnings to a "cause"?
Pretty sure all of these crazy right-wing peeps went radio silent when this happened...
Pretty soon the far right is going to have nothing to wear!
the issue isnt so much with its with the term everything. didnt sacrifice everything just an career. People who died for his right to protest sacrificed EVERYTHING.
will lead to shareholder suits.They're trying to prop it up above key support.I predict a massive selloff into the end of trading as key support is broken and it free falls.
Demanding hard fines and work suspensions for anyone burning Nike Gear in protest of their new Ads.Isnt there some more respectful way you can demonstrate that you dont like Nikes views on social justice?
If you want to protest against and by burning your shoes then it helps to take them off first
You shoe burning fools still refuse to acknowledge the reason Kaep protested, huh? Fuck your !
I dont know about this . I mean, I fully support Nike enslaving dark skinned foreign children to make their freedom shoes.
Free speech when you're very well paid to provide a professional service V's free speech with your private property on your private time. burn baby burn
All you stupid asses thats is burning your Nike gear. Nike says "No refunds" and thanks for your business. Your asses aint going nowhere. soon as Jordan drop them J's yall be right back.
Your answer to protesting and dividing the country is to protest and divide the country?! MAKE IT MAKE SENSE
Sooo yall gonna ruin perfectly good shoes and gear because youre too cowardly to stand against racism? So that makes you racist and privileged right? Yeah? Ok. Got it.
Great idea but the lack of understanding behind respectful protest & is beyond ignorant as well as UnAmerican=USA ideals democracy, rights, liberty, opportunity & equality THIS IS THE ANTITHESIS OF THESE VALUES. ALL LIVING PAST PRESIDENTS AGREE.
Narrow Minded American Fucks! Your Country however Pathetic you are choosing everyday to make it was built by Defiant People who Believed in something! As a Proud Canadian with ZERO FUCKS about your CHAOS, I am going out RIGHT NOW to buy 2 Pairs.
Petty AF but Im with it right now! Ill take two pairs please!
A man actually set his Nike shoes on fire while wearing them as a Kaepernick protest and ended up in the hospital from it:
Analyzed Sports supports and for Just Doing What is Right.
Please keep the following in mind when sending your items:--Ideally should be free of marks that would signify previous ownership--Clean and in near-new condition--In original packaging if possible--Shipped without a return address
is the dumbest trend on the right now. You burning your gear literally has no meaning. I love how people are upset that Nike went political, but you won't give up your and boycott the NRA. Your are as twisted as your president.
Idiots burning their shoes AFTER they already paid for them. You go right ahead, you're really showing them.
Rosa Parks was not protesting the bus, Gandhi was not protesting the food, players are not protesting the anthem. Its the injustice, stupid. Thanks !
Haters Mocked For Wrecking Their Own Nike Stuff To Protest Kaepernick Deal
Surely your military fought so that free citizens in your country could make a peaceful protest against something they feel is wrong. Wonder what would make of refusing the draft today.
Dear Racist Patriots of the United States of Trumps Merikkka.. This is true right about now Huh?? - Signed by me Peddy Murphy
nah..... and I pretty sure even if the stock tanks a little bit they will survive because thy making a stand is putting in the minds of our youth to STAND up and crucify all that is injustice in America bc we know right from wrong and
Civil unrest/injustices repeatedly occur against the black community due to racial conflict. Instances seem to rise in rates of occurrence, due to vast media coverage etc. Kolin Kaepernick is PROTESTING amidst this PEACEFULLY, is shamed loses career.
Too bad all these racist dumbassess are ruining the fun of hating nikeSweatshops, environmental destruction, overpriced, overbranded, aspirational hyperconsumerismStop trying to make me like nike, you alt-right neonationalists!
Absolutely nothing to do with a knee. The first amendment gives us the right to petition and assemble peacefully. This is bigger than shoes. This is about the injustice of African American people. Taking a knee was the right decision
I believe in the right 2 protest but not to force me 2 watch, if I don't want 2, so, if it continues, I will go another season not watching the NFL! I will still watch College ball where disrespect for our American flag is not tolerated! Problem solved!
FAST FORWARDAbolishment of slavery through activism, PROTEST, and lots of deathyet racism still persists. FAST FORWARD Trump becomes President BIG WAKE UP CALL
People are destroying their Nike shoes and socks to protest its Colin Kaepernick ad campaign via
Those who side with and , rejoice and enjoy.Those who don't, complain and be outraged.That is both sides' prerogatives and rights.Do so without hate or threats, this is unacceptable. Debate without hate
Dear potential protesters... If you're planning on participating in this lame ass make sure you also burn all your , and apparel as well since owns those brands too!
Guarantee amongst these morons, some of them are actually going out and BUYING Nike gear just to burn it in protest.
This right here is everything
Pilgrims/Puritans start to persecute each other for being witches etc begin killing their own people.Time passes, slavery is still a thing constitution is formed freedom of religion (), all men are equal, freedom of/to assembly (except slaves) etc
Americans burning their because the use of in advertising is one of stupidest things of seen from that backward country! Burn your Nikes and support shitty immoral behaviour, police brutality and out right racism.
To those of you destroying your Nike apparel out of protest for their recent relationship with football player Colin Kaepernick. Here's an idea! How about DONATING those items to charity? Ooh wait. That would require COMPASSION for others. What was I thinking??
For everyone trashing their gear, feel free to send it to me instead. If it doesnt fit, Ill save it for Hurricane/tornado/flood victims.
. HHMM, not even a player. Nike just lost any business from me and my friends. Of all the fantastic athletes who give to their community like JJ Watts and Nike chooses a Whining Un- American protester.
So, supporting people who are against global trade & global outsourcing are boycotting a company that has always outsourced production to cheap foreign labor because that company is now supporting free speech which is protected by the Constitution?Got it.
Oh and everyone calling for the should also boycott and , who also tried to sign but he chose Nike instead. Silly right wing fools!
Nike launched its controversial new campaign fronted by Colin Kaerpernick, who is famous for taking to one knee during the US national anthem in protest heavy handed crimes against black citizens from cops. What do you think of this campaign?
This Is the Clown you choose to represent your Brand?
If youre gonna boycott, i dont care. Just do it right
I dont give a crap about what Colin Kaepernick believes in or what he wants to protest about but do it on your own time! We, the fans, pay your million dollar paycheck so no protesting on my $$!!
LOL, right now some MAGA person is setting their nike pants on fire to pwn the libs and the irony of that is deeply satisfying.
Soooo lemme get this straight, Europeans/Pilgrims come to the New World for freedom of persecution of their ways of life religion etc. Then genocide/slavery of 2 races begins as well as the erasure of cultural identity I.e. names religions.
Dear leftists with Trump Derangement syndrome, if Colin Kaepernick is for black people and against police brutality, WHY is he not helping cops to do the right things, WHY you say, because he doesn't care about black people hes a FRAUD
You all know that you already paid for the products youre destroying right?
You know what, I think I'll join the and start burning shit.Am I doing it right?
It is the suppression of free speech that I am witnessing in this country that panics me. The human death toll grows and you support it by burning the symbol of the U.S. airbase that bears it's name because none of you can see how we're DYING out here!!!!!!!
Listen to Hi Power Freestyle by Tony Krane on
He's free to do as he pleases, can do as they please, people can if they please. I don't think he 'Sacrificed Everything', that is reserved for those who gave (and give) their lives.
Hey Cap, you need to show respect to earn respect...guess that never occurred to you before dropping to your knee. Hope you said some prayers while down there for the troops that gave lives for the Flag and Anthem you decided to disrespect in the name of protest!
I guess there are no limits to protests and freedom of expression today. Free to not stand during the Star Spangled to not say the Pledge of Allegiance in school. Free to burn the American Flag. Free to buy
As they kneel Law Enforcement needs to take a stand against Nike!! Football Players Are Protesting Police Violence, Not the Anthem
Isn't taking the knee to protest racial violence Freedom of Speech? I thought the First Amendment allowed this?If you think one amendment allows you to carry guns in schools, then allow another to kneel during an anthem. That is called sense.
Anyone actually doing this is so damn childish. I support people should be allowed to protest in whichever way they want
Im old enough to remember people dumping their French wine into the gutter because France wouldnt support our invasion of Iraq. Conservative protests always seem to involve destroying their own property. Idiots.
All those people protesting instead of burning and destroying your shoes why not give them to homeless vets
I served our country & love all she represents.I support & love our troops.I support & am inspired by how he lives the American spirit by peacefully exercising his 1st Amendment right.Thats why I wear
to award courageous business choices. is for those who do not value freedom, who are not patriotic, who believe those who are different should be shouted down.
I'm a veteran and between the two, my nike's have deployed three times (OEF, CJTF-HOA, OIR). My nike's have spent more time in military service than any of these racists. I will NEVER and will continue to support and his rights.
Im worried about the people who actually think that the calibre of person burning their Nike possessions in protest of Kaps advert will instead donate their stuff to charity.
If all of you people could donate your merchandise to homeless shelters in protest, that would be much appreciated
I wonder do they support the constitution of this country or just the symbolism of it?
How fucking dumb do you have to be to destroy your own property to protest something!
Want to protest ? Do it. Go for it. Speak from your heart.Destroy your shoes or clothes? No. Don't do that. Donate them. Show heart with your protest. $ has been spent.Pack up all your Nike gear and give it to those in need. Do good with your protest.
Hey Nike Protestors! Im willing to take your nike clothes and burn them myself. Let me know when to pick them up. Please lightly used clothing/shoes or new ! Cant believe those sons of bitches.
Get the fuck over it people. The right to free speech is as American as it gets. Kneeling for the pledge is a statement against the powers that be that are destroying this country not a statement against the country. Relax and open your mind.
If youre going to throw out or burn yours or your kids Nike stuff, feel free to send it our way. Always up for free stuff.
You're right. Dealing with racists can be costly. knows all about that and Nike knew this were going to happen. None of that matter, racism will not be tolerated any longer.
We can safely presume that the people who are pushing for a because they are angry that Black athletes protest to bring attention to our oppression, are pro-racism. Adjust your expectations and interactions accordingly.
Crazy that people cant see the difference between protesting police brutality and dishonoring our troops. Read the constitution much?
I support free speech & expression thereof, I support football players kneeling, I support those that are doing If you support one and not the other then you're doing free speech all wrong, because free speech, and expression of free speech, it's for everyone
I find it interesting that the people symbolically protesting for using , fail to see the irony in their actions.
Americans are actually loosing right now because theyre burning $100 shoes over a very stupid fucking reason.
The judge won't forget this LARP, it frightened his daughter so it will be interesting.
if you disagree with and CHOOSE to ignore the point of what hes done, FUCK YOU and unfollow me now. fuck your
Fuck you if you're using us military people to continue the hate or false narrative that people who are protesting are against the military
No for this gal ;) This bold campaign is right up this little badass's alley! Colin Kaepernick headlines Nike's new Just Do It campaign
If you really support veterans and think Colin is against us instead of burning your why dont you donate it to homeless veterans dont worry there are millions to choose from
Nike goes with CKs protest to gain sales from their perceived mkt base. Theyve lost all sales with me and investors are now bailing.
or not. The time is always¬†right to do¬†what is right. Sometimes brand too have to stand for what is right, no matter what.
What does the flag and anthem you so adamantly stand for mean without LIBERTY AND JUSTICE FOR ALL. But yeah, burn that swoosh off your clothes and shoes.
is WHYKAPERCRAP DOESN'T FOOL ANYONEFAKE PROTEST MADE UP BY AND FOR Guess who
Curious to know from the military perspective, current or veteran, how y'all feel about Kaepernick and Nike? Is it offensive or you don't mind his peaceful protest?
If you have not seen this, please google . he's running 4 U.S. Senate in Texas against Ted Cruz. Beto gives the BEST explanation why NFL players have the right to protest & he does so eloquently!also on You Tube.
Conservatives burn shoes and jerseys when theyre mad, liberals burn cities. Tomato tomato right?
It looks like the right is owning the libs again in their usual fashion with their .
I can't even deal with the stupidity of these people burning their Nike stuff privileged arseholes. Nike don't care, they are big enough, powerful and on the right side of history
Among the casualties of ? An iconic hoops sneaker born right here in Indiana.
Dearest Ma, On a routine reconnaissance mission came upon a park of trailers, the residents were burning their belongings in protest. Due to their copious drinking though, things got out of hand and they have burnt down their own homes. The enemy is not bright
Nike encourages Americans to buy Colin Kaepernick merchandise to show support/ burn in protest
some damn fools out here destroying Nike apparel that yall have already paid for Nike still winning. And this move just continues to expose clowns out here . right now sounds butt hurt and a kin to they both sellouts
Liberals get offended too easily, says alt-right burning their Nike attire because of Colin Kaepernick ad
I support this boycott! I do NOT wish to watch the kneeling during football games, nor do I support those that are supporting this type of kneeling protest. They are paid to play football, not promote their cause during my relaxation time! Millionaire whining crap!
to all those Christian brothers and sisters burning Nike's items in protest,since when do we bow to the flag? Since when do we bow to anything but God Almighty? Where is our faith? Have we forgotten Who we serve ?
is a shameful company with numerous human right violations with Asian sweatshops. We also dont crybabies. Colin is not a role model and embarrassment to society. Lets get that stock price to drop 3%!
Burning products you already paid for doesn't make sense. still has your money. How about you give those products away to the homeless veterans who fought for your right to protest or give them poor children/families instead
"If still you're doubling down on some imagined defense of "America" while simultaneously seeking to deny people of color America's most elemental libertiesyou're proving Colin Kaepernick right."
Alright, let's settle it. What are troops most like defending?
I just have to say Im thankful for freedom. Freedom for Kaepernick, the NFL, Nike, those boycotting Nike, and the rest of us who couldnt care less.
Do you realize the hipocracy behind folks boycotting (protesting) Nike who supported Kap for protesting. Ya'll just became that which you hated most
Can someone please point out a single racist or oppressive policy/law in the US that is protesting? If there's one I'll fight right alongside to end it
Well why did you keep supporting Nike when you knew they paid overseas workers $3 a day? But now you stop buying Nike because a black man stands for whats right. Yall weird out here.
So it's an ad campaign featuring Colin Kaepernick that has motivated right wingers to call for a and not Nike's sweatshop labor practices? It's hard to figure out who is worse: them or liberals who also ignore their sweatshops to praise Nike for a shallow ad campaign
Im going to laugh too hard when goes and buys up all your favorite shoe brands...Lets see how many people will go barefoot just to protest Nike I will not I‚Äòm here for it!
People from the left boycott In-N-Out by not giving them money for burgers. People from the right boycott Nike by BUYING their shoes and setting them on fire. One way is silly, the other is just idiotic.
Tal parece que en la "tierra de la libertad" no puedes protestar lo que te parece injusto
Putting these nikes right where they need to go
Free Beat Dm If yo dm yo want beats
YEAH DOWN WITH NIKE! Instead of burning everything, give it away! To those who need it! And if you bought stock sell that too! like right now...like right now right now
I'm gonna go out and buy a pair of Nikes. Not because I want them but because I value free speech.
I get your right- but now a game that was loved by all is now tainted with politics
For everyone burning their Nike product, I'm proud of you guys for standing up for what's right! I think you guys should buy even more products just to burn em! That'll show them!
Hey, , Do you really think would be protesting if he were still a talented QB & had ' fat contract???? I THINK NOT!!!
pigs as cop socks, Che Guevara T-shirt, you are free to make any douche your poster face, we are free to no longer buy your products
has been trending for most of Tuesday, as thousands are expressing outrage with for featuring in its latest campaign. We examine the quarterback's place in the history of protests led by black athletes:  (w/ )
All these pundits saying dont destroy your Nike gear, donate to the less fortunate... as if the people who protest Nike for this give a damn about the less fortunate or anyone other than themselves. Thats who they are. No empathy.
A real hero, who made a real sacrifice for the assholes like Kapperstink, who claim it's his right to kneel. Maybe your right doofus, but it's a horrible way to display it.
Wanna know what pisses me off?Nike payed Kaepernick this whole time. He wasn't doing it for protest. He was disrespecting this country for money.And the Left is perfectly fine with that.
I'm brown not black but brown I'm American our people gotta wake up he should have never taken a knee its dumb and disrespectful and it don't help nothing now bout to pimp the whole situation the same people he protesting against own
No brainer, $nke will be tarrif free all over the world
Sharenode-The worlds first Trillion dollar Blockchain Platform! for free today!Pm for assistance ‚Å†
Let me get this straight?So an athlete protests police brutality & racism. Not a fake issue, a real & persistent problem.Major brand supports the athleteNow some call for ???So they are SIDING with RACISM and police brutality?I think your KKK robes are showing
just to be clear people are boycotting Nike because An nfl player was protesting police violence; silently, without calling anyone names or threatening violence himself.
Im still waiting for a reply. Clay Travis. What have you done to stand for those who cant stand for themselves? Arent you the entitled guy who actually protested not being able to watch NFL football in the Virgin Islands by going on a pudding only strike?
My Son-Inlaw is a Sargent with our local County Sheriffs Office... He served in Endearing Freedom I served 14 years in the USN, and Desert Storm. My Oldest Brother served in Vietnam. Our Father served in WW2, as did my Father Inlaw.
Sending troops overseas for 15 years to risk theirs lives for for everything but American security and freedom is far more disrespectful to the military than not standing for the National Anthem
Well I guess Nike will have to get added to the list of boycotting. If this pampered person Kap wants to protest then that is his right BUT its also the right of the owners and managers to sit his a on the bench.
All you racists saying they won't wear Nike, you know that your NFL team jersey is Nike, right? You best not support the NFL either. Stick to Papa John's and get further footwear instructions at your Thursday night Klan meeting
4. Lastly, you're not going to use that patriotism bullshit to act like your protest is the only protest that counts nor assert that Kap doesn't have a constitutionally protected right to do what he did and not give two fucks what you think.
Alright. Youre burning shoes... why dont ya donate them? You already bought them. Burning them makes you an idiot. Someone could really use those shoes
am I doing it right???
1. A one minute protest is not a protest.2. You cant protest on your worksite because you are paid for each minute and mass media time is expensive. 3. what protestor is separated by security guards from a captive audience?
notice what people are burning. I dont see any Js! They burning those cheap shoes, t-shirts, socks. This protest is bunk!
Thank you for doing the right thing . is a hero and a great representative of what the brand stands for. Your hometown, Portland Oregon, supports you.
Nike, you want to see a man thats sacrificed everything. Pat Tillman, who gave up his NFL career to join the military. But instead you choose to support a man who knows nothing about the word sacrifice. I'll never buy anything from you again.
First the forces me to choose between my favorite sport and my country. I chose country, now Nike has the kahuna to do the same.. Guess what? Country wins! Bringing all my business to you!
I can't wait for the video of a right winger burning their shoes, only to have their parents, who bought the shoes, yell at them for wasting their money.
Yo forreal! I wont buy Nikes but Ill sure as hell wear em if they free! Yall already throwing me away, might as well donate em. Size 10.5 Ill take 11s too
Subscribe to my YouTube channel to enter the giveaway 125 dollars worth of free stuff
The only thing I will say about the is this. While kap did lose endorsement for kneeling beside that Im not sure what else he sacrificed.. he choose to opt out his contract with the 49ers. He was already paid before that.
Yeah, the alt right protesters against and could have sent their sneakers to the instead of burning usable, paid for goods.
I dont know what fake patriots fear worst: a black man standing up for his rights or Kaps Afro being so fing big.
The only people who can say Kaep doesnt know about sacrifice, are those who have had too. Quit using images of others as a way to make yourself seem morally right. Getting upset at Nike just proves Kaepernick is more and more right.
I need my sky cloth to magic freedom!!
lol Nike is on the right side of history
Idk if those of you participating in & burning/cutting off logos/throwing stuff away knew this but...Nike already got your money & free advertising. (& is continuing to get $ & advertising from yall) Sorry to break it to you, pendejxs. though!
If you celebrated Chick Fil-a for exercising their free market and free speech rights but condemn Nike for the same thing, you only believe in those things for the people who think like you. That is the true disgrace to our Constitution.
Yep story of every country in which protest is seen as sedition because they have bigotry wrapped in the cover of patriotism.
So ya'll wanna burn the clothes you already paid for and worn? All because and are on the right side of racism! Instead of yall just packing up all your Nike gear and giving it to the homeless Veterans that you claim to care about?
So wait... protesters are burning there Nike stuff after already purchasing them??
Supporting the demonstrates you are more dedicated to order than to justice. That you are more offended by kneeling during the Anthem than you are by racism & modern-day lynching. and Why are you so hellbent on protesting the protest?
If he really wanted to stump all these Nike boycotters, should sign an endorsement deal with Yankee Candle... It's got Yankee right in the name!
Here's a great idea for the people who are protesting and destroying your already bought merchandise..why not give those running shoes, socks, clothing to a homeless person.
Caucasians people will do the challenge but won't do the protest the KKK challenge. The stop racism challenge. The stop being hateful challenge. The stop racist bullshit from the white house challenge..... Let that sink in.
Critics, naming their protest and , have taken to social media burning shoes and destroying other products:
The is a peaceful protest against a brand supporting a peaceful protester? Can I have all your stuff? Ill pass it on to people who have been impacted by institutional racism for the past few centuries.
Yall protesting Nike for Making Colin Kaepernick the face of Nike ?Lmaooo yall really mad this man is sticking to his word about trying to fix injustice and racism in the country we live in if you ask me youre the racist one I support fuck
Don't understand people destroying products they bought to protest a company. You paid for that lol now you've just burned your investment, for what? 3 likes on Instagram and a fleeting sense of virtue. Get outta here.
Anyone boycotting Nike and wear an XL or an 8 in shoes- DM me and Ill be sure to dispose of them properly. Thanks in advance. *Ask me how to get free shipping*
How can Americans not see that hes protesting police brutality and not the fleg or people who served. Pure ignorance
You know Nike owns Converse and Hurley right? Think some of y'all have some more burning to do.
critics of seem to miss the point that the campaign refers to the fact real heroes sometimes have to stick their neck out to do what's right, just like nike are doing. Love your neighbour and don't
[PODCAST] The Robert Stogner Show; We are entered in the 2018 People's Choice Podcast Awards
In my day the face of was THE greatest athlete on the planet. He Never "knelt" against those who died for his rights. Nobody knew or cared about his politics, & he certainly wasn't "oppressed" from making MILLION$. Not some 4th string goof with fake outrage.
Over 30,000 to protest against = over 30,000 RACISTS STILL voicing their opinions. Hmmm and the worlds response should be.. SILENCE YOU DOGS!!!
Please donate to homeless vets. Try not to be selfish per usual. DONATE, dont toss and burn. If you must be an a**hole at least be a thoughtful a**hole. Constitutional freedoms dont apply to weapons only. You know that, right?
can send the shoes to Malawi , We have high quality burning facilities and we will do it all for free.
I believe Colin did a right thing by kneeling that day! After all it was a protest against racism. And certainly chose the right person to participate in the new ad campaign."Believe in something, even if it means sacrificing everything."-
Fair enough you did what you did on the field You stood up for what you believed in. But why sell your protest soul for Nike dollar? Because no team want to sign you?
White America burning in "protest for vets" when thousands of homeless vets walk around barefoot
People who stand for nothing will fall for anything. I'm sure that 95% of people that support Kaepernick have absolutely no clue what he stands for, or is protesting. I don't even believe he knows what he is protesting for at this point.
Nike - uses sweatshops for years. Oh well. I love my Nikes. Nike - Supports a peaceful protestor - EVERYONE BURN YOUR NIKES NOW!
aight imma say something about this shityall know Kaepernic met with a Marine to discuss how he should protest, and they mutually agreed with kneeling. Stop talking shit about a company for using someone who is a voice for movement against inequality.
Who? Not Me!They're rockin with for utilizing his rights.
Streaming all weekend for 2kday turn up win a free copy of nba2k19 by subscribing to my channel they will be two winners
Dear folks,Kaepernick was the perfect pick for Nike. It upsets leftists because folks against him are horrible racists in their diseased world view, and it has the rest of us, though rightly disgusted, giving them lots of free ink/eyeballs.
Yall burning Jordans and Converse too right?
Looked at my feed & not one person was actually saying they were gonna boycott. I only had the left screaming & whining about the right boycotting.
The right is all upset and sensitive over an issue Trump exacerbated to exploit fake patriotism. The left is virtue signaling over a rich white dude who uses sweat labor to produce expensive shoes working people and kids will spend their last $200 on.
If you thought burning sneakers was the first dumb thing conservatives did to protest......
How do middle aged white men protest? They burn their own gym socks. yall suck at this.
Fine. Kneel during the anthem. It's your right to be an asshole Mr. . And as for the , it is my right to protest in favor of the boycott. Heard shoes are amazing. Guess they can have my 120 bucks.
I...dont get it? I mean, I can understand the concept of boycotting as a form of protest, but to destroy articles one already has? All that gets you is a flashy image to post on social media.. isnt that basically ?
I love this. is on the right side of this issue. Whoever is against does not understand what he was protesting. If they do, then are fundamentally against freedom and standing up for issues someone believes in.
If youre actually participating in do me a favor&explain just one thing, are you a professional athlete sponsored by ? If not, who the fuck do you think you are to punish someone standing up for freedom&basic civil rights.
notice what people are burning. I dont see any Js! They burning those cheap shoes, t-shirts, socks. This protest is bunk!
I choose !!
notice what people are burning. I dont see any Js! They burning those cheap shoes, t-shirts, socks. This protest is bunk!
You damn right.
going to shoot my fucking right off my american feet with my rights! yeehaw those bastards at nike cant keep down good hard working american citizens!!
I say again, go ahead & protest, just not during 120 seconds of the national anthem. The US is not perfect, but its the best country in the world. Dont like it? No one is making you stay here. Thats Nikes choice, now, not buying their shit is mine.
Hopefully your people rise up and get real liberty sucks
Ive been asked to give my opinion on Nike and the Kakkpernackknack situation. I believe that Nike can do whatever it wants as long as they keep giving me free shit.
disagrees with police brutality and racial injustice fine. protests during the American national anthem which has absolutely nothing to do with these two subjects and everything to do with black slavery.
Anyone getting rid of their stuff let me know. I'll gladly take it a clothes drive for you instead of you burning it to protest a peaceful protest that you're grossly misunderstanding
Dear Dipshits, you do realize that NIKE already made their money from the gear you purchased and are now destroying, right? This is worthless, just like every other boycott.
stay out of politics please, if not I have plenty other sneakers to choose from
Do any of you know why you are protesting .I really don't think you do.Most of you are burning your shoes for what? When you already paid maybe $100 or more give or take.There are so many other issues. Like standing outside the white house,or helping the homeless.
JUST DO IT! I will never/buy NIKE again. You're supporting a traitor. No athlete should be allowed to disrespect the country that has given them freedom and a democracy to earn millions in sports. No tears
White people: FUCK YEAH FREEDOMAlso white people: I cant believe wont stand for the National anthem. Lock him up!
You know what actually disrespects the American flag?? Centuries of slavery and injustice against black people. You deny our freedom, you deny our rights, you deny our 40 acres and mule, you deny us to live, you deny us to kneel. STAND DOWN.
I got your right here.
Please retweet this... get the word out! NIKE has decided to go to war with us Americans and American freedom lovers around the world. Let's show them our passion for the greatest form of freedom man has ever discovered to this point!!
I Dont understand the during the national anthem never bothered me and i was raised in a Military family where you were taught to respect the flag.It was a Personal Choice for peaceful protest for Police Brutality and racial Ingest- (1/?)
When a fan buys a jersey, they keep it for life, but when a protestor buys a jersey, they burn it and buy another one next week...America is angry about everything. Immigration, public breast feeding, shooting gorillas, just think of the money youll make
so you're going to burn your stuff in protest? So you're saying it's ok for you to protest but not for Kap to protest?I may not agree with what he protests at all..but it's his liberty to protest, as is your right. but it's total hypocrisy to have a double standard.
Just to be clear An use language right wing racists can understand. fires players for silent protest! YAAY FIRE his disrespectful ass private company can do wat they like.the sponsor such player AHHH BURN IT ALL dis will do as much as der Starbucks 1 did
Companies that Nike owns...Hurley International LLC. Cole Haan. Converse, Inc. Umbro Ltd.As of 2017 Nike is worth $29 BILLION.The folks protesting probably cant even spell BILLION. haha Yall have fun with that protest. I'm having fun watching.
AH, the excited states of . Love the show. I'm sure knows what it's doing. They probably don't care about losing old, white customers and getting a TON of free advertising. Will concentrate marketing on the younger, non-dipshits.
Dearest Ma, On a routine reconnaissance message came upon a park of trailers, the residents were burning their belongings in protest. Due to their copious drinking though things got out of hand and they have burnt down their own homes. The enemy is not bright
Go ahead and burn your Nike gear in protest, ya racist, ignorant rednecks. Y'all don't exercise anyway, obviously.
Anyone protesting nike. Please Dm me. I have an address you can send all your unwanted merch to.
Why won't all the rightwingers and supporters burning their clothing just donate it to the homeless they supposedly care so much about?
Youll never win an argument/have a decent discussion with a close minded person on the internet. And that is just disappointing in todays society. Because all our views do have meaning, but everyone always wants to be right.
just leave this right here.
This should be obvious by now. Every time you get mad at a company over politics (especially in an ad campaign!) and boycott them or film yourself burning their stuff or whatever you give them free advertising. You helped them. Congrats.
This whole has to be a joke, right? Im glad Colin got a sponsorship...he should still be in the league as far as Im concerned. He stands for a good cause (no pun intended, as he obviously kneels).
Out of all the people to market, you choose someone who compared cops to pigs? Will no longer buy your product.
For anyone boycotting , isn't it hypocritical after telling those who knelt to find another way to protest and get their message out. Doesn't this just prove you will boycott anything associated with this cause?
At least our protests make sense and are about lives, yall are just burning your own property over your butthurt feelings and ignorance
you are free to choose which aude of this issue you are on. Either way, it says a lot about who you are as well.
shame on you! Sacrificing everything? Just Dont Do It! Our military & vets are American heros who sacrificed to give us our freedoms & freedom of speech. Endorsement isnt sacrifice! Lets exercise our right not to buy Nike anymore!!!
Now theres a whole because of Kaep? Man is doing it RIGHT out here
So White folks can protest but Kap cant protest whatever he wants Ok then Who dafaq do they think they are typical white supremacy . Wanna protest because you wanna tell grown ass men to sit down. No you have several
Am I witnessing people protesting because they didnt like that someone was protesting?? Anyway, I wear a womens medium and size 8 shoe, HMU
great choice of athletes.. what sport does he play again no back to school Nikes this year
Some of my friends are protesting Big and Rich for protesting Nike because of Kaepernick protesting.We are achieving peak Inception level protests here.
Seems about right.
this is mesmerizing. a man silently and peacefully protest for about 4 minutes 16 times a year and people want to end his livelihood and destroy anyone associated with him?Trump's America is shit.
Nike shares down about 2.2% (unconfirmed w/other sources as of yet) due to after they choose as the face for the 30th anniversary of
White people are protesting a protest by protesting! Welcome to the 2018 football season.
America stands for freedom! We know our Veterans gave us that great gift! This is NOT about that ! Its a stand for freedom and justice Thank you
Search the hashtag and see your local white man crying while cutting up his clothes . Far right piss is boiled over partnership. I want to spend the mortgage on Nike product now
is the face of you idiot. You're only fucking choice is to go to Walmart to buy off Brand! has ! has and that's just 4 names!
Ah so its wasn't the way that worded its campaign against that the British Police got so upset. They get upset by any protest anywhere in the world that may hold any police force to account that they've got a problem with.
The average IQ of a right winger people
for all the haters who Claim they are against police brutality but don't want anyone to protest about the killing of unarmed brown Americans
So let me get this straight. People are peacefully protesting a brand on social media and in-person over someone being the face of that brand....who preacfully protested on social media and in-person? This whole rights thing is interesting. Tell me how it works?
People destroying paraphernalia in protest....yeah. That hurts wallet.People celebrating the drop in Bike stock claiming that their is winning? whole market is down an average of .5 to 1%. Learn yourself about the stock market PERIOD.
Colin Kaepernick signs a deal with Nike & people burn their shoes and ruin their clothes calling for a . But I get called a snowflake for voicing opinions that contrast Trump, his supporters, and the right.
I love ltrs home from Dear Ma: theres a smell in the air. Its like burning rubber. I think the Red Hats have decided to barefoot it like in the u remember that right? It was around July 4th. I hear they got their dander up again, home soon.Much
CRISPER research folks make more progress than . Go "United we STAND" for the land of the free - just not perfect yet.
protesting because they use slave labor is so gauche
I've been a Reebok person my entire life. I am now and will forever be a Nike person because is with us on the right side of history! I stand with Kap! I stand with Nike!
Nike is loving the free advertisements
This thing is a free advertisement to Nike. So keep on burning your socks, hats, and shoes, and watch Nike's profit going to quadruple up.
Im a Conservative. Im a right sider. Im a philosopher. Im a free-thinker. I can appreciate the brilliance of the Nike ad. It has nothing to do with the flag and everything to do with humanity. Maybe Im a middle right sider... no for me Lets meet in the middle
Send all your Nikes to this man right here!!! Size 10, 10 1/2 preferably!!!! Thank You Kindly!!!
Regarding the , We have to appreciate the irony of people exercising their right to protest because theyre honoring , someone who silently exercised his right to protest.
I remember when it was right-wingers who extolled the virtues of NIKE against people boycotting them from the left because of their labor conditions. Life has gotten so weird.
ignore the haters. we stand with you. We also respect our military. you don't get it. Don't fear freedom of speech and expression. It's great to be an American. We do not support the
- swoosh - "Just do it" angered & disapointed many. Won't be happy with Addidas but "United we STAND" for the land of the free - just not perfect yet.
the freedoms all of Americas not just one sex, race or religion. The American flag represents not just one sex, race or religion but all American. Don't get too big for your britches. (3/3)
They support a guy who thinks Fidel Castro is what a real leader is a guy who wore socks depicting cops as pigs & they dont even make shoX anymore! I support Colins right to protest but U cant disrespect others while protesting being mad about being disrespected.
Are ppl seriously doing this? Ruining nike gear? Shouldn't not like something just because someone you dont like is representing the brand now. This just proves kap was right and always will be. Soon enough they're probably wont be that many black men playing in NFL.
While I dont agree with athletes kneeling, and its entirely your right to burn your s. You could of given them to your local childrens shelter instead of destroying them. Just a thought.
Y'all know this aint going to work for those burning thier shit it dont matter people still going to buy it and basically your doing a free advertisement posting it online
For all this bullshit, I bet not one of these patriots said shit when said slavery was a choice and were as equally outraged and stopped buying .
Keep burning your Nike paraphernalia. They already have your money, youre giving them free advertising and youre encouraging folks (like me) yo buy Nike.
free speech is not anti-American. the autonomy to choose what one salutes or bows down to is not anti-military. and of course we can all spend our money however we want.
BREAKING: Kaep is the face of Nike!Right: **sets shoes on fire**Left: Ha... snowflakes.BREAKING: Steve Bannon to headline New Yorker festivalLeft: Cancel my subscription, posthaste! **sets magazine on fire**Right: Ha... snowflakes.
Know this, my beloved brothers: let every person be quick to hear, slow to speak, slow to anger; for the anger of man does not produce the righteousness of God. - James 1:19-20 If we took the time to listen our black brothers, we would see that its not antiUSA
protesting. But you, being the typical liberal think everything is about race. What do you know, your a white boy. Do you feel guilty about being white.As for Nike,I will never buy another Nike product. I don't support places of business that support stupidity.
Buy Nike shoes, get a pair of pig socks free!!!
So I am seeing people starting to protest Nike about Colin. If you want to protest, do not buy anymore of their products. Showing you destroy your Nike apparel does not matter to Nike as they already have been paid for you purchasing it.
Who protesting that wears a size 10 shoe?
I'm glad that Kaepernick is finally being honored because of all he has done for Blacks. Unlike scrubs like Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and Malcolm X, Kaepernick actually gave everything to give Blacks equal rights!
Listening to investors talk about the effects of the & even speculating about if president Trump were to come out & advocate a boycott. Basically they are like this is the best thing Nike could have done right now. Why? Because they understand at an intuitive 1/6
just know I will always be a Nike customer and thank you for standing up for what is RIGHT !!!! is pathetic .
Buying my son his first pair of boots. Making sure they're . That's what this thing is about right?
Oh damn tall might loose against angry white America about this one but I stand with you and . Never seen so many heartless people mad about a peaceful protests.
Like if you are boycotting Nike because of Colin Kaepernick you are the biggest hipocrit right now. What about all the companies they own? The sweat shops they likely have over seas? Didn't see you bitching yesterday about it.
Since everyone is throwing out their Nike wear, feel free to send them my way.
Yall know Nike makes all the NFLs uniforms right?
I wish would air a commercial featuring Kaepernick so we could watch videos of altRighters ripping out their own lighting fixtures
Also, you do realize that Nike already has your money and you're only giving them free advertising, right? One more: Burning perfectly good shoes and clothing is the epitome of waste and privilege. Let's just not.
Am I the only one that is noticing that conservatives are acting like big babies with this ? They love to say liberals dont have brains and act stupid with walks and protests, but you guys are burning Nike products that you paid for, with your own money. Just stupid.
Anyone destroying gear- feel free to send it my way. Ill be happy to donate it to a shelter for veterans.
kapernick can protest if he wants, but I don't want to see it in the NFL, of which I will never watch again. (My way to protest) That's not the time or the place. As for his color, I don't care if he is pink with purple polka dots, he doesn't even know what he is..
What does burning your Nike gear accomplish? Are you saying you support racial injustice? is a GD American hero for standing up for what he believes in and what is right.
. had created quite a with this. My first impression was that the ad implies gave up HIS job to kneel for the cause.I guess we shall see how it affects the effort I like the slogan but is this the right face to represent?
Right now we have over 44,600 men and women spending almost 23 hours in the cell. With the lets not forget why he started kneeling. But we cant forget what happens after you arent in their custody anymore.
hey you racist assholes stop hiding behind pseudo patriotism. I'm a real Patriot I put my life on the line to protect people's freedom not a damn flag or anthem. Many African American bled protect our people's right. This is not a dictatorship back the fuck off
How about we have non-political non-protest places where people can just forget about crap for a while? That so bad? We have to hear about everybody's agenda everywhere? PS, at an NFL stadium, maybe protest: brain damage and the name Washington Redkins, Colin.
Maybe if Kaepernicks performance looked more like this hed have a job. Not that he cant be someones 2nd or 3rd strong cause the protest does play a role, why want someone like that on your team, but this is relevant.
I feel like theres an insidious facet to all this new / BS that nobody seems to be touching on: the fact that i THOUGHT CK's protest was about black men getting unlawfully gunned down by police & "was bigger than him & football"Welp ME$$AGE LO$T!
I love the sentiment of these new ads featuring . As Americans we have the right and people have to respect that. Wondering if (or when) will weigh in on the ?
I really appreciate the right now and I'm going to do something about it!I will be collecting shoes to burn at a date TBD.DM for details on how to get them to me.I've found that Nike Air Jordan 1s in size 11.5 would be the most effective protest.Please help!
Nothing is more comical than watching people destructively protest because they are mad at how others choose to peacefully protest.
If this can get veterans some free Nike stuff then by all means boycott ya little racist hearts out. Throw some white hoods on & shout out the tip top of your lil racist lungs. Just send me the Nike/Jordan/Converse stuff yall dont want
is right!
Instead of burning your Nike shoes in protest, give them to me. I wear 13s if youre wondering.
Huge props for Nike, all the right wing Americans love free speech...as long as it what they agree with, land of no tolerance these days.
Shout out to for seeing the big picture and choosing to be on the right side of history
Don't need new sneakers right now, but will definitely buy Nike. It's about freedom.
Look at all the little racists exposing themselves because a company is supporting a man peacefully protesting against police brutality
Why is it so fucking difficult to understand that it's possible to support our troops AND support the right to protest social injustices at the same time?
I don't wear Nike, but because of this I suddenly want to buy their products now. This has to be the best free advertisement ever for this company. They must be loving this. "Show me the Money" !!!!!!!!!!
Most of the people on here supporting Nike and Colin Kaepernick spend their government benefits on weave and tire rims, they usually steal their shoes. So, do not worry about their support. Go ahead and take part in the cause it's the right thing to do.
The same idiots who view Kaepernick as some sort of national civil rights hero are rushing out to buy Nike products. I am sure they also believe that, the more Nike products they buy, the fewer Blacks will be killed by cops. Kudos to Nike for capitalizing on idiocy.
For all those burning their gear, Thanks for the free Ads. and plus doesn't care if you burn them or not, you bought them with your own Money, not given for free. So THINK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the internet has changed american culture. racist used to have the total voice before when it was only tv.its over. im shocked with this new and ad. is going to make waves and its right before the nfl season too.
I'm confused. The movement is angry because Nike supported a player that "disrespected the flag that represents freedom" by EXPRESSING THE FREEDOM THE FLAG REPRESENTS?? If anything the non-patriots are ppl that are trying to take away his RIGHT to freedom of speech
give your to people shoes in response 2 2 raise awareness about violence against unarmed people? Nothing here in a country built on protest to gain for all JUST THINK about it. Buying more
If you're burning your gear then you really need to look at what it means to have freedom & freedom of speech.
Let me get this right:1. Roseanne sings the National Anthem off-key and grabs herself at the conclusion - shes a good person.2. Colin Kaepernick silently kneels during the National Anthem - hes a bad person.
How many people are really negatively effected by a new Nike ad? Did none of their previous business practices give you cause for concern? Let's all take a deep breath and continually vote with our wallets, not with our righteousness.
Imagine being THAT mad about an American man utilizing the freedoms that our military fights for.
With this new conservative living in Tennessee may be beneficial. I could buy Nike stuff here dirt cheap from the racists and sell it at a discount online to people in the North who are OK with silent protests for police brutality.
wow ! 1st want to now here we go with who's next ? free advertisements for them possible viral videos for us win win i guess .
Kaepernick and Nike wants us to Believe in Something. I Believe in respecting my flag and country, honoring the veterans of all colors who sacrificed.I Believe in my right to never use your products again.
Nah, give everybody on the Washington REDSKINS free Nikes for being so concerned about calling minorities names. AND, find this woman and give HER a free pair. Y'all, she be needing a pair to hit somebody with.
All jokes aside, its your right as a consumer to choose to support or not support Nike. All I ask is that ppl not burn good usable clothing items. There are ppl out there truly in need of clothing donations.
So did Kaepernick do it for free? Because if he took money for it, his ideology is stripped from all its credibility.
All the are partaking in the guess they forget have 1.2 in watch your stock go up . Mad because we are asking for that it just CIVIL RIGHTS
is basically free made by idiots showing the world how sturdy their items are.
Not surprised the people were quiet for decades about the human rights and child labor abuses. Get your priorities straight.
Suck it up cry babies. You are all as racist and divisive as Mr Orange. will cost them nothing (other than free publicity of course).
Kaepernic?That dude who protested by wearing cops=pigs socks.That guy?Great. Good Choice looks like a is in the offing.
If yall wanna protest and wanna send any Nike jumpsuits preferably XL & XXL or size 14 & 15 Nike shoes like lebrons and KDs and KOBEs and wanna get rid of them just dm me I know where they can go
All you people freak out about Nike and Colin Kaepernick, meanwhile, you ignore Wesboro Baptist Church that is actually protected by the 1st Amendment with a U.S. Supreme Court ruling.
he is not a social justice warrior Justice is fair and black lives matter is not fair its a extremist group. And if protesting is so important to him why dont we seen him protesting in the off season.
I applaud your choice of Colin Kaepernick. He taught us that sometimes doing the right thing means doing the hardest thing, no matter the cost. Any is ridiculous, I'll probably buy more Nike products now!
Thank you for standing up for what is left, not what is right. I haven't had Nike's since the 80's with that awesome blue swish, but I'm going out and getting some for the whole family now.
The is a boycott on free speech. Full stop.
Guess I'm not part of the because I never did buy their overpriced, over-hyped junk. But that ad is ridiculous. What did he sacrifice? And how much did he believe? He didn't protest til he was pouting, having been benched bc he's not that good.
What makes you so mad at someone who wants everyone to be treated equally and not discriminated against. WHY ARE YOU SO MAD AT THAT!?!?!? That's a question for all you idiots who want to boycott Nike for doing the right thing.
The itself will cause a drop in stocks, like we are seeing right now. I see a lot of the left saying that "the money is already spent", the people saying this clearly don't understand basic economics.
I support , players and 100% protected by 1st our military takes oath up to and including thier lives to defend. They did not take this oath so that peaceful protest be silenced- or bullied by President
If anyone's trying to burn a pair of Jordan 1 High OG (black and gold, size 13) in protest... I'll gladly help get rid of them for you.
0 impact. These people think they're buddhist monks and that they're protesting brutalizing opression from a european empire.This is just SAD though. I mean REALLY SAD.Kaeperknick STILL hasn't done anything wrong.........................
see yall tried to do the right thing and leave Colin kap out yall game completely lol is with the
Imagine if we put the same energy of hating black people peacefully protesting & educating others on racial injustice & police brutality into fixing racial injustice & police brutality?
The is obviously the talk of the world right now. I need to know who in St. Louis wants the merchandise to be donated instead of destroyed. DM me, lets talk about it!
protests police brutality and donates money to communities and charities (which is all around awesome) only to turn around and accept money from a company that literally uses to make their products?
Your past dictates your future. He never said he was wrong. I have a right to my opinion and will not be bullied by you or anyone else.
Nike shares fall as backlash erupts over new ad campaign featuring Colin Kaepernick , who in 2016 decided not to stand for the national anthem to protest racial injustice, becoming the face of Nike marketing sparked some backlash from consumers on social media.
These men of conviction who don't want your mint condition boxed Jordans or mids anymore..I prefer Size 12 , I can donate the rest to a veterans group of my choice.
Righties burning their 4 year old Famous Footwear dad sneakers, thatll show em
ABD'de yeni reklam y√ºz√º olarak Colin Kaepernick ile anla≈üƒ±nca Twitter'da kampanyasƒ± ba≈ülatƒ±ldƒ±. Afrika-Amerikalƒ±lara kar≈üƒ± polis boykotunu protesto etmi≈üti.Not: Kampanyaya katƒ±lanlar Nike ayakkabƒ±larƒ±nƒ± yakƒ±yor.D√ºnya her yerde aynƒ±, deƒüil mi?
If you loved veterans, you wouldn't support a shin-splint-faking-draft-dodging president who attacks veteran John McCain. Being truly patriotic means supporting equality and human rights... like your constitution tells you to. is the real U.S. patriot.
Its 2040... my kid opens a textbook and learns about how Americans burned Nike gear... simply because Nike endorsed an athlete who peacefully protested against racial injustice....
Hold this W. . Stand for what's right
ppl fuming over protesting police brutality against minorities instead fuming that no senior bankers were jailed in the US after the largest financial crimes in history took place kind of just proves the man's point for him.
The same people shouting Kap doesn't know what he's protesting and that he's disrespecting vets could be donating their Nike clothes to vets instead of burning or cutting them. Guess they don't care about veterans and don't know what they're protesting.
Burning your shoes because of an ad with a guy who peacefully protested racial injustice doesnt make you a patriot.
Interesting few days. In & out donates to Republicans, they have record sales. Nike chooses a kneeler and they have falling stocks. Huh
Its your right to support the , but instead of destroying socks, please donate some new ones to our Homeless Veterans. Socks are one of the most needed items.
Y'all must really hate the idea of unity/equality lmao. Burning your lawn-mowing shoes and decade-old socks in protest to a man trying to make a change for the better is fucking ridiculous
It screams I'm a privileged racist white person who supports Trumps ideals like destroying your own clothes you paid for that you could have donated to the community, for calling people snowflakes all the time you think they'd be able to handle a little protest
is THEIR right! As it is MY right to say WELL DONE,! Peaceful protests such as these are what America is ALL ABOUT! knows it to be so, as do I. is about being able to have differing opinions and still all being part of the same country!
I guess it makes sense since yall got all your stuff youre destroying, for free. Dont stop
All the people boycotting Nike must not realize that you're not the voices out there right? So I hope most of you that are boycotting wear the same shoes I do because that will make it easier for me to get my kicks
To anyone wanting to burn their Nike stuff: please send any size 10 shoes or XL shirts or shorts to me and I'll probably dispose of them for you for free!
This is going to last about as long as their boycott of and the did. These people burning their shoes will be right back buying a new pair next week.
Yall know children are being slaughtered in Syria and elsewhere as we speak, right? But, yall petulantly, violently (lighting stuff of fire is violence in my book) acting out over an ad campaign for athletic gear? Cmon, man. Really?
If youre burning and/or cutting up your gear because they ran an advertisement about a black athlete silently protesting the systematic violence against people of color, you might be enjoying your a little too much.
Peacefully protesting is exactly the opposite of anti-American.
Chubbs? I do think I know what this topic is - as it was MY Tweet that started this topic. It is about the new Nike campaign and the sudden urge by right wing fanatics to try to start a - that is PURE racism. Nothing to do with Marxism
What has this guy sacrificed? What has he done, besides being adopted into a well off white family, and failed at being a QB. I'll leave this right here waiting on some answers.
Please send me your size 13/14 Nike Metcons if you insist on burning them. Great lifting shoe. I support your right to boycott whoever you choose, just send me those shoes...
Also your & are ridiculous in light of their history of child labor & sponsoring athletes that beat their wives & are cruel to animals... but please, boycott them over a mans peaceful protest against brutality
I support what Nike is doing. But I want to trend because any advertising is good advertising. Nike thanks all the naysayers for the free advertising! ^_^
obviously learned nothing from ratings slide in wake of protest. Shares tumbling - down 3% today
Thank you for having the courage that the NFL owners and other corporate brands don't have. In honoring your contract with Colin you show respect for all lives and will be lifted up for being on the right side of history.
...you made your choice...I made mine. No more Nike products in my house!
If u are going to burn your Nike shoes, think about maybe donating those to the homeless.There are alot of people who would appreciate them. &there are those of us who could have never afforded a pair of Nikes. I get you hate Nike, but do some good with your choice.
People are dead ass this upset about a peaceful protest against police brutality... let that sink in.
What's your argument? That people are hypocrites because they won't acknowledge your "right to free speech" when it is being used to stifle someone else's free speech?Should I call you "un-American" instead of "racist"? Does that make you feel better?
Does anyone really think sales are going to suffer, most of the demographic that is upset, is the new balance wearing demographic anyway. is just some free advertising.
On the real somewhere in America is a homeless Vietnam, Desert Storm, Iraqi Freedom vet living in a park or on a public street wearing no shoes wouldnt it be wise to give those shoes to that vet instead of a bbq grill or fire pit?
Will NOT ! In fact, just bought two brand new pairs of shoes for my boys school year.... after we again discussed the real purpose of the protest.
The flag, the symbol are nothing more than the physical representation of an idea. That idea is freedom and equality. To begrudge someone respect for asking for those things is a greater insult to democracy and what a symbol represents. is a joke.
These whites, dem all the mad.. if u go burn your nikes , burn them.. Nike chose Colin Kaepernick and if yall dont agree, burn the sea too.. Colins protest of that police shootings of unarmed black men was ideal. This reaction is just madness..
,well I was getting ready to spend $60k on our local football leagues Nike equipment,but after seeing that idiot on Nike ads,our Nike days are DONE,ADDIDAS HERE WE COME!!!! a former U.S. Marine,and I don't approve of protesting during anthem!!
Anyone burning Nike stuff, youre an idiot. Theyve already taken your money and could careless if you choose to burn it. But if you have any Air Maxs in size 11 send em my way. Ill gladly take em
im not burning my clothes that I own from Nike but I am painting a red X on all of their logos in protest. And I wont be buying anymore.
If any of you guys are doing the feel free to give me your products. Ill gladly take them off your chest
If you are burning your Nike's please for the love of your neighbors, have a bucket of water handy so you don't burn down +150k acres. Maybe instead freeze your products leaving them in a suspended state just in case they do something like stop the next 9/11?
Someone out there would love a pair of NikesYou wanna burn yours for protest?How about you clean them and give them to someone who would want themThus, Nike is out 1 sale, and you can be a smarter nice guy
I support the boycott. Capitalism is a fantastic thing. Nike made their choice....now I get to make mine. Adidas and New Balance are fantastic choices.
Its almost as if Nike supports peaceful protest and is making an example out of the outraged conservatives who want to boycott...
yall mad about this stuff why? he said hell choose his country over Nike. YALL DISRESPECT THE FLAG EVERYDAY! Wearing it, hanging it in your room, put it on soda cans, and have it as a blanket, etc but yet yall mad cuz a man is kneeling 0_o im confusion
The people who burn their Nike shoes aren't doing it to protest against Kaepernick ,their doing it to get rid of the training shoes they never used with their dignity intact.
keep on letting it tank.... disgusting you won't ever see me support My 19 yr old daughter fights for that worthless mans rights at 19 . Im a proud member of boycott Nike movement!
hmmm sounds about white. I mean right. Everybody when a stands up for what he believes is right. They hate it even more when they get the spotlight.
Every democrat at the Kavanaugh hearings right now.
Not sure I see the logic behind burning a pair of shoes that cost +$100 to protest the company that manufactured them for $30.
Today Ive made the switch from Adidas to Nike. I will always support companies that support free speech
Remember, if you're planning to protest the by buying Nike's...Nike donates millions of $$ to the GOP. So if you want to save some money and cut out the middleman, just make your check out to Trump.
Adidas is looking really good right about now!
Fuck you if you're on board with the peacefully protests and people want to make it about disrespect but what about the poor POC that don't get the "equal"treatment and rights.
Lets be honest...the extreme right is no stranger to burning things.
I remember one Christmas a long time ago i got the original air jordan's. I loved Mike but never could get those shoes to fit me correctly. I have never found a pair of nikes that fit me right. So I've been on a for like 30 years now and y'all just now catching up.
has the right to protest..I have the right to disagree and not support him or his SUPPORTERS they will never get $ from me..goes for too..bless your little hearts
I haven't bought Nike shoes in a long time, but I may have to go get some this weekend. Maybe I'll give them to a veteran that needs shoes because all you "Merica Lovers" protesting only pretend to give a damn about them just so you have something to yell about
So you're supporting because you're in favour of police brutality and against Colin Kaepernick's freedom of speech/expression? You're butthurt by Colin Kaepernick's socks?
People burning their Nikes in protest of equality is the most privileged load of elitist crap.I know plenty of people that need good shoes.
while everyone has the right to make sacrifices, I suppose U forgot he sacrificed everything aswell as his family so those overpaid Millionaires especially could kneel and be disrespectful. Thank you Nike!!
Could the people destroying their Nike stuff consider donating it to shelters, free community closets, etc.?
is a form of protest... the irony.
Everyone who's boycotting Nike, feel free to give me all of your shoes and clothes!!
If you really care about the United states flag and its veterans...Donate that apparel to who need it instead of burning it you twats. is trash. Thank you for being on the right side of history.
They are not protesting the flag!!! Quit burning you stuff before someone gets hurt! Read the Constitution! Learn tolerance!
Protesters: REMOVE THE KAEPERNICK AD OR I'LL JOIN THE AND BURN EVERY NIKE ITEM I OWN: Just Do It
Congratulations Nike! Youve just alienated a significant number of brand loyal customers that helped push your stock nearly 30 points in a year. The board should immediately fire the dumb asses that approved this self righteous campaign to support a loser.
Thats right and as a veteran I now choose to protest
maybe Abraham lincoln can sway you doing over protest of police brutality
Are you stupid.. This is corporate engineered protest to make a resistance star.. He was PAID.. anyone supporting nike or this charade is a fool.
Yes, he burned his Nike shoes WHILE HE WAS STILL WEARING THEM. Remember, people. Idiots like this also have the right to vote.
For those protesting against Kaepernick because hes a protester: Get the irony?
of all the positive role models you could sponsor you choose an anti-American, anti-law-enforcement flag hater like Colin Kapernick? Ive been wearing Nikes for 30 years and Im throwing them in the garbage. Time to buy .
If there is one symbol in this world that represents the overcoming of injustices and oppression it is the American flag. 600,000 white people died to free the south of the tyranny of slavery and more died freeing the world of fascism, kneeling just isn't an option
shares fall as they choose the wrong person to lead their ad campaign.
Feel free to block too.
Colin Kaepernick is not protesting veterans, the flag, freedom, nor anything else other than what he says he's protesting. And the most peaceful manner imaginable. This is America, so untwist your balls. ? Why?
The movement has allowed me narrow down my choice of shoes to the Free Run and Roshe
Hey racists! Nike doesn't want your business anyway so go ahead and boycott them you dumb motherfuckers! Go back to your Trump rallys you tone-deaf Nazi dumbass white supremacist fuckface sexist asshole right-wing morons!
Leave it to the right to protest protesting by protesting.
And P.S. anyone involved with the has decided to protest a black man's right to protest. Which is both morally reprehensible and an irony so ridiculous it requires an Olympic-level dodging of logic to pull off.
do I have this right? a group of irony challenged morons are burning their shoes they already paid for, as they SCREAM , and call us "Libtard"! Wow Genius
Y'all do realize that cutting the Nike symbol off of your clothes or burning your Nike shoes while they're still on your feet only proves that you're dumb af right??
Last pair of shoes I ever buy from them. Protest is protected, but not during our national anthem. Now Nike will learn that actions have consequences, just like Colin did. Denver offered him a job but he wanted to be a martyr.
Conservatives don't know anything at all about protesting or boycotting. The is a fucking joke full of idiots destroying items they already owned. You paid the money, dipshits. Nike doesn't give a fuck about you tweeting a picture of your socks on fire.
For a second there i thought these respectable Klansmen were going to cut the nike logo off their attire, in protest of Collin Kaepernick. P.s. i was being sarcastic..
With all of the big topics trending right now, it's like Twitter is trying to make up for the fact that we had Monday off... Settle down...
Now you decide to protest against Nike? Not after the scandal of child labour sweatshops? Now you decide to protest??After a man ironically stands up to a country that has a long history of oppressing people of colour (by kneeling down)... Now you decide to protest?
Hey *proud patriots who love veterans: instead of burning your Nikes why dont u donate them to the millions of homeless veterans across the country who can use some new shoesOh ur just a white supremacist protesting black ppls right to humanity again i forgot
People: Nike sure crossed the line this time, time to protest and burn all my Nike stuff that will show them!Those same people: What did I just do...
the same people behind the are the same ones who protested a red cup at starbucks and actually bought coffee there (generating sales revenue for starbucks) just to put trump's name on them. these people behind these boycotts aren't the smartest people around.
Burning Nike stuff you already bought is the perfect way to fail at protesting while misunderstanding a protest.
right now
The NFL "take a knee" actions were, are and always have been done to protest police brutality and institutional racism.No one is protesting the anthem or the flag, and certainly not our troops. That's just what the racists want people to believe.
The right is burning and destroying anything Nike they own instead of giving them to the homeless vets they claim to care about
I will continue to own, wear and even buy more of Nike products. Ill even buy more Nike because of CP campaign. Sick of dumb brainwashed conservatives. the people who are protesting this are ignorant white trash. Why cant we love veterans and all lives matter?
Just make sure you protesters keep that same energy the next time a black life is unjustly taken.
If made a sacrifice, then should it matter that owners won't hire him when it's been proven that his protests decreased their profits? He wasn't a starter before his protests. Is the obligated to pay him to sit on the bench?
Kaepernick has almost become like the Mockingjay of the peaceful protests across America. A beacon of hope that has been hiding until the right moment. The moment is now.
Twitter is straight up the most toxic/racist social media outlet by far....white or black, left or right you people suck
who are those sneaky madmen behind this? We really can't forget the 1st amendment, , and Nike's monetary interests here. Don't burn shoes, donate them. Then run out and try the boost. Brilliant shoe!
if Drake can say "checks over stripes; that's what we like" and 2 months later Nike goes balls deep for Kaep, their R&D Dept already calculated that Drake fans got more Nike clout than American racists and going the right thing won't fuck their money up.
Trump could end the NFL protests today by opening a dialogue discussing tragically anecdotal and statistically-proven biases in our police and judicial systemsBut he doesn'tTo all those who are in the farce - why don't you think he does that?Here's a hint -
"Idiots destroy their own property because they are offended by football players protesting injustice (not the flag) and think Nike (a multi billion dollar company) Is going to give a rat's ass that you're wasting their own money because us NORMAL PEOPLE don't care!"
The only Anti-Nike protesting I'm doing is what I've been doing for years. I wait until their shoes are on sale before buying them. . So, if you are an ANTI-NIKE person, you better walk barefoot because multiple shoe companies were trying for Kaep as well.
. Why do we never see Colin protest on his own time? Not only when he is in uniform and in a stadium where he was paid way too much to play a game?
was never about disrespecting the flag. I believe that have the right to speak to their unique American experiences. Bottom line, THIS is a powerful message.
You Kaepernick supporters just don't see it, most of us are opposed to police violence and want to see those actors brought to justice. But we want to see the criminals off of the street, no matter their color. Colin picked the wrong platform for his protest.
I see that some are still missing the whole protest point to begin with. Is protest had NOTHING TO DO WITH THE FLAG OR MILITARY. It was and always has been about the injustice of police brutality against ppl of color. Stop letting ppl change the narrative of this
Damnnnn.... I dont think he doing it right?
On the morning the right-promoted gets underway, no less.
Whoa whoa... is an actual trending topic right now? I have so many words...
Why would anyone have a problem with someone protesting things like police brutality and abuse of power?
Nike is not the objective judge of what "the right thing is".A large percentage of thier customer base thinks using the flag as a protest prop is wrong. Also, we shall see if it turns out to be profitable. It's not been profitable so far.
Protesters now arriving on front lawn of Nike HQ
Yeah! I am all for boycotting Nike! Who do they think they are supporting a guy who kneels to protest the unlawful murder of innocent black people! Screw morals!
BYE you were my number one choice for many years .... not anymore and I wear sneakers 100% of the time .... EAT SHIT NIKE
I stand & served so others could have their 1st Amendment rights. Peaceful Protest helped end the Vietnam war and opened the door for Civil Rights. Freedom & Change do not come without sacrifice. It also doesn't exist to be measured by those it affects the least.
Excited that the store will be a bigot free space!
We can safely presume that the people who are pushing for a because they are angry that Black athletes protest to bring attention to our oppression, are pro-racism. Adjust your expectations and interactions accordingly.
most of you never question why we send our men & women off to wars some comeback needing Help yet our veterans get little to nothing how many homeless vets are there WHY AREN'T YOU MAD ABOUT THAT! Colin is protesting police brutality against black men
I, long ago, chose to because of their sweat shop practices and refusal to pay a living wage. I'm almost considering buying their brightest colored shirt just to piss of Cult 45 MAGAts at an Orange Hitler rally.
The is a right wing distraction from the
You do realize that you're destroying things you already purchased, and when you are over it in a couple of weeks, you are just going to go buy some more, right?
When things dont go our way we have peaceful protest. When things dont go their way they have full blown outrage and tantrums
How absurd!Republicans are using their free speech to condemn a company for using their free speech to defend someones free speech.
Sooo you're going to burn the item (you already paid for) in protest to teach Nike a lesson? They already have your money. They're laughing at you while they go to the bank.
already shown who it stands with. They stopped supplying boots to the Egypt team right before the citing sanctions. You guys got the drift very late.
Snowflakes on the left, snowflakes on the right.
How absurd!Republicans are using their free speech to condemn a company for using their free speech to defend someones free speech.
are weak, be it left or right. No matter the hashtag, they're still getting money anywaySo why tf bother?To make you feel better?To make twitter give u its attention towards ur outrage?Here's the thing, buy a product for its use, not its politics.
Had Donald been all for the protest...his supporters would be too. They had zero clue to be offended until Donald said they should be.
So your angry protested standing up for a song we copied from a British drinking song. You do know its protesting cops killing black men & more right? you can't be that ignorant Colin is a true patriot standing up for victims of police brutality
Y'all do know the black dollar will keep going, right? As if we needed another execuse to support the brand.
was joining the call instead of if you really wish to change act of police violence then repeal the Clinton crime bill. needs racial divide not Solutions protests after game not during anthem
Yall can go ahead and destroy your Nike stuff - me on the other hand spent good money on mine so please feel free to donate anything you dont want to me
Laura says boycotts are 'cutting off free speech' - ABC News - via
There are just ways to protest, and then there are instigators, agitators, and conspiracy theorists who use violence, lies, and false narratives to spread anti American sentiments. Unfortunately Nike cant decipher the good from the bad.
why don't you? oh, that right you libs voted against help for our vets and gave the money to illegals!
For all you boycotting make damn sure homeless and all other homeless people get all your gear. This is what calls doing righteous deeds
My Uncle is a Major in the Army, his father retired from the Army. Another Uncle was a Marine and ran the secret service for a while, but if their sons woulda been killed unlawfully and yall protested the protest...how American are you
Is the funniest thing ever . The right is ridiculous . It's an ad get over it.
Exactly! And we have the right to protest Nike...
anyone confirm is right now making Black Lives Matter logo branded shoes to come out with their line of Kapernick apparel?
Will Nike's association with Colin Kaepernick affect your choice of their products?
Good look for to take a stand and support the constitution-freedom-and the majority of the American people Why are the racist folk not boycotting breast cancer awareness?
Check out shoes and clothing. Well made products and the price is right! I guess Nike is run by a bunch of Too bad!
OMG! Yall so fulla its ridiculous!! said he doesn't like POWs. Isn't tht disrespectful 2 the military but y'all Trump's dirty drawers & others r protesting RACISM! If tht bothers u mo than what Trump said u have a serious problem
Here's my new purchase... I can show my love for the Dolphins and my disgust for the Trump buffoons that refuse to acknowledge what Colin Kaepernick is actually protesting. I plan to buy some more Nike products.
I like what has done to protest & , but partnering w/, a corporation whose business model relies on of poor people in countries w/little to no labor rights in conditions, doesn't seem like a good idea
Okay America, STOP IT!Businesses have the RIGHT to conduct their business as they see fit. A week ago Libs wanted to boycott In'N'Out Burgers now Conservatives want to boycott Nike.Just stop it.
Is the far left throwing your America out of alignment? Is the right not right enough? Achieve New Balance, with supports the athletic goals of America and Americans.
Pig socks & a shirt that portrayed Fidel Castro as being what a great leader looking like! Only a complete moron kneels in protest during the national anthem about basically being disrespected, while disrespecting others!
I love it when people protest a protest by protesting.
I understand the boycott ,but the man is doing it for the right reasons .
Let me get this straight?So an athlete protests police brutality & racism. Not a fake issue, a real & persistent problem.Major brand supports the athleteNow some call for they are SIDING with RACISM and police brutality?I think your KKK robes are showing
Just imagine spending 3 years smugly branding anyone who disagrees with your right-wing politics a "snowflake" then being so outraged over an ad that you actually burn your own shoes.
Guess nows the time to buy some nike shares. Which in turn will only profit the company. Nice protest guys. Get me some shares now!
How absurd!Republicans are using their free speech to condemn a company for using their free speech to defend someones free speech.
lmao yall out here protesting protesting, by protesting
Re: - opinions are like (you already know). Everybody has one. So protest away. That's freedom. This seems pretty silly, though.
Where was the for the exploitation of child labor and hourly wages? Instead they boycott the same company for giving attention to a peaceful protestor opposing racial discrimination and violence?
Why is it every time conservatives want to protest they end up just destroying their own property?
So where were all these people been for the last 2 years? You Kaepernick has had a deal with Nike since 2011 right?
Ill leave this right here...
Some white people hated the peaceful protests of MLK too. supporters aren't being patriotic, they're being hateful, regardless of whatever story they tell themselves. Theyre putting up intangible emotions against real issues happening to real people.
I hope that all you "military supporters" realize that not everyone is called soldiers. Navy=sailorsArmy/ArmyNationalGaurd=Soldiers Marines=Marines Air Force=Airmen Now continue to () for expressing freedom of speech that others fight for...
$NKE should have made Pat Tillman the face of Nike. Almost a 3% dip less than a day after the announcement is the free market's way of saying you messed up.
Still waiting to see some commitment in this Nike boycott! Wanna see Jordans burned up! Cut Kobe's & LBJs! Where the Nike golf clubs at? How yall still don't know how to protest!? P.S. a boycott is a protest! STOP IT!
The right and left are playing boycott tag. Didnt just last week the left was boycotting . Now this week the right is all about the ...I like both so I'm not gonna starve or walk around barefoot. Thank you!
The only way to hurt Nike is to stop buying their product, burning your shoes in protest is meaningless
. non violent peaceful protest by kneeling during national anthem. violently cutting up and burning a product in protest. See the stupidity in this yet?
Hey rednecks, quit acting like Under Armour isn't your sneaker of choice anyhow.
I cant take a knee at work or I would get fired over a protest so instead let congratulate these NFL losers with bigger contracts and more endorsements
I may if they keep messing with the flyknit free runners. Or just the free runners in general.
Hey protesters buy some instead
The REAL question is: When are the NFL players going to protest/do something about their OWN brutality towards their wives, girlfriends, children, animals, associates, etc. A lot of bravado from a bunch of friggin' hypocrites.
So people are protesting something they don't agree with because a guy protested something he didn't agree with? Makes zero sense but go off.
For golfers taking part in the , that's fine, your right to do so. But instead of trashing your apparel and equipment, please donate your gear to or . Two organizations that will put your contributions to good use!
Does anyone else see the irony in speaking out against police brutality(a human rights violation) & then teaming with who has a track record of human rights violations? Nike is also a direct partner of the
I love how the one dude said yall made him choose between the flag or the game, but these kids dont get a choice to live.....
To be clear it is not a protest if you are burning something you already paid for. (also it is just plain wasteful)
the is hilarious. let be! Yall had your KKK march in Dc and it was bothered (fortunately), Let Nike advocate for what's right.
My son turned 16 this weekend and I support whoever supports his rights to equality.
The is DUMB AF. Ya'll, we have bigger fish to fry than who a company chooses as a spokesperson. Get it the fuck together. Personally, I wear me some Sketchers tho - that cushion in the sole is heaven....
fuck off if you think im burning my stuff. I've always supported the right to protest and the NFL players got it right. I will buy more than ever. Eat shit SJW's
When you make your inevitable statement about , it better be on the right side of history with and the rest of us who aren't racists.
As much as I think Colin Kaepernick's head is as hollow as his protest, I will not be participating in the . Why? Because boycotts are almost as stupid as vacuous protests. I'll wear whatever the fuck I want.
These people do realize that they already paid for their Nike products, right?
The boy on the left is an 8yr old oppressed slave and forced to work a 9 hr day in a sweat shop for .20 cents an hr.The guy on right is Colin Kaepernick, a privileged millionaire, that Nike pays to kneel- opposing oppression. Hypocrisy-Just Do It.
Stop using my service as a means to perpetuate racism and stymie someones use of the 1st Amendment. Dont like FREEDOM then boycott your ass out of the country. I stand with & Ill PROUDLY wear Kaps apparel me & my fellow Vets/Service members
I want one of you people to explain to me the correct way for a black person to protest.. just want to see something
The is as dumb as protesting during the national anthem against police brutality. is a multi billion dollar company they dont give a shit. All reasonable people are against police brutality and inequality, its not a brave stance!
Didn't you know? That's what the is all about, people everywhere are burning their Nike shoes and socks to protest the problems in Flint and PR... right? That's what this is about right? Nike's lack of action to fix both those things.
Do you think the lessons of history have been learned? Do you think that the US could never go the way of Nazi Germany?Just look at the sheer collective insanity of the and protests and think againThese people are rabid
Before any of you geniuses try to burn your Nike apparel because of your teensy weensy feelings... Donate them, that a do a better good with your protest. But, you wont...
What side is promoting a stupid and pointless boycott today? Oh there it is, it's the right
Don't even know where to start on the ignorant/racist people protesting Nike. So I think I'll just post this picture instead.
Please help. I burned all my Nikes now my feet are freezing. Donate to my GoFundMe
I consider myself to be a pretty reasonable person. Yet, I cannot for the life of me figure out how people conflate his protest with disrespect of veterans.
One group is protesting police brutality by disrespecting the national anthem but it's perceived as protesting the national anthem. The other group is protesting disrespecting the anthem by disrespecting Nike but it's perceived as racism. It's all so stupid!
Live look at me searching for all the free stuff yall wanting to get rid of as part of the
Its amazing to me to still see and read about the vast numbers of folks unwilling to comprehend that the issue being protested has nothing to do with what your perception of disrespect is And it's equally amazing how enacting on your right is somehow WRONG in America
Waiting for all the real Americans to burn all their sh!t bc you know god forbid a man of color protests for peoples rights But heres another thought why not donate those Nike kicks youre gonna destroy to a that really needs it
Guess the market is sick of BS too. good choice
Hey yall, if you are ridding your world of Nike products that is completely fine (your choice), but don't cut up or burn your stuff. If at all possible, please donate them to an organization that will get them to those in need, including homeless vets.
I'd like to announce I am officially boycotting "Big & Rich". Wait, I've never supported them. I don't listen to country music. Boycott FOREVER!!! History will show Nike was on the right side of justice.
targeted due to 's"Law Enforcement Appreciation Day" (5/13/2015)11/27/15Chicago protesters block Nike's Mag Mile store11/28/15I grabbed the UNC Black Lives Matter "DEMANDS" ss (RE Nike)Fk BLMFk Nike
That is nothing but a disgrace to this country. He can't even find the time to stand for our national anthem. His excuse was protesting. BS! He could have protested in other ways that didn't disrespect the nation.
Are you sure you are feeding your the right ? supreme court
? Let me get this straight - y'all snowflakes are gonna cut up your because a black man with an opinion about human rights appeared in their commercials? Goddamn, you are delicate, aren't you?
Spent $400 on Nike gear last night. Am I doing right?
Are y'all still framing Kaepernick's protests as "disrespecting the flag?" Despite the very clear evidence that ain't it?
Good on Nike for supporting Colin Kaepernick's and every Americans' right to symbolic peaceful protests. This is only an issue because of an unhinged, racist President, who fans the flames of prejudice, racism, and fascism!
I know you Republikkkans & numbskulls want to believe black athletesand blacks in generalhate their country, but they do not protest their flag or natl anthem; they call out racial injustice/police brutality. I grow tired of telling you idiots this.
So many clueless morons protesting Supreme Court Nominee Brett Kavanaugh. I would bet that 90% of them don't even know why they are protesting him. Just because they hate . Grassley
Guess everyone is gonna burn their Jordans too Yeah right.
People are protesting Nike because Kaepernick represents what they are afraid of: that their on the wrong side of the fight and that our countrys leadership is thoroughly fucked
I encourage protestors to burn Nike shoes...while they are still wearing them. Flame on!
My protest (done on my own time, and not purposely capitalizing on time dedicated to our great Veterans)...not buying any products.
$$ stock. = not a great QB Protesting at work wasnt smart. U'd get fired 2The "sides" & "symbols" are mixed up. Lefts are high and rights are drunk & debating 2 different topics. Feel sober at a bar
Telling someone to "sit down" when you disagree with them is your idea of Freedom of Speech, ? Wouldn't even dare tagging him.Look at all these snowflaky hypocrites.
/Kaepernick "protests" are painted as pro-vet and patriotic, but can't help coming across as centuries old hubris of biblical empire. They burn the less than servile when they can get away with it, any chance they get, as if they themselves aren't the true adversaries
Ive never wanted to support more than I do right now. lmao. Oh darn, no racist bigots wearing . Fine with me.
If you are apart of the you are saying you rather innocent young Melanted ppl be killed in cold blood than a man stand up for his american rights...this is the most thing ive EVER seen!!
Right now disgusts me. They pick as the fsace of their products when he can't even respect this nation or the police that work hard everyday to protect him and all of us.
When libs protest, conservatives like to say how stupid or uninformed or snowflakey they are. Now conservatives are ripping up a perfectly good pair of shoes to make a point. Yeah, you guys are geniuses.
The irony that before kneeling he spoke to an ex green beret vet about the most respectful way to protest
it's fucking shoes, chill. can't have it's own opinion on a free damn country like yall do? let them breath burning shoes anf making a whole mess wont stop them from becoming even richer.
For anyone looking to protest Nike's latest campaign:Don't ruin all those clothes and shoes with fire and scissors - Try this instead!
Maroon Elegant Casual Summer Dress FREE WORLDWIDE SHIPPINGShop Now - ...Kavanaugh Senate Judiciary Committee Henry Cavill Kamala Harris Bryan Antoine
Kaepernick: Maybe police officers should stop shooting unarmed black people.Nike: Hey, youre right. Thats pretty fucked up.Right-wing: RRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
the right wing are a bunch of got their robes in a twist
Well done, Nike! Now, white men are burning their shoes in over a black man protesting racism. Kind of proving his whole point, aren't you?
America is about freedom. Only youre not free to kneel at the wrong time. Somehow kneeling makes you unpatriotic and you dont support America or its troops. Even though that has nothing to do with anything.
should set up merch drop off locations for those who no longer want their products so it can all be donated to those who need it; that would benefit veterans way more than burning the merchandise, which is their goal, right?
Hey - you people burning your Nike stuff. You know you already PAID for that, right?
started by protesters who are mad that a company hired a guy to represent them and people hate him for protesting! Yup makes a lot of sense doesnt it!
I knew this was coming all because did a peaceful protest to bring attention to certain issues. For those people who say keep politics out of sports, they want hear politics they don't agree with or issues that don't affect them out of sports.
I woke this morning and started cutting up my clothes. Not sure what we are protesting, but thats how we do it in America. We spend good money on it then destroy it when the world doesnt go 100% our way.
The people destroying their clothes and shoes in support of the realise that Nike still have their money, right? All these people are doing it leaving themselves having to buy new stuff.
I personally enjoy the fact that people are destroying clothes they spent money on just so they can protest football drama. People are very silly these days.
- Feel free to share/send your gear for us to distribute to the scholars at . Use that emotion to impact gender equity and education rates!!
Nike will be getting my purchase of new shoes this month! We are America, we believe in Free Speech, we take a knee to HONOR American values not to diminish them
. non violent peaceful protest by kneeling during national anthem. violently cutting up and burning a product in protest. See the stupidity in this yet?
The exists for one reason and one reason only. Because certain white folks who feel this is still the 1950s and 1960s have to come to realize that oh right...it isnt.
Woopsie. The Morons in the Kavanaugh confirmation chambers can't even do their one job right.Somebody started yelling during the time a Democrat Communist was speaking. LOL
A black man kneels during the national anthem.Russia interferes in our national election.Guess which one the racists are protesting.
nobody cares blow it out your ass,Nike made the right choice with colin.
Its not even that serious theres nothing wrong with Colin peacefully protesting his beliefs
Buzz Aldrin seen here protesting and ! Police were called because his plastic surgery was scaring the crowds
The folks who support are well within their rights to peacefully protest something they think is unfair. There's some irony in there somewhere.
Don't keep your waiting. With approval is instant and your patients can get the treatment they need right there and then! Check now:
Don't people take an oath to protect the Constitution? That's the real power not a symbol
We got the left protesting In-N-Out, we got the right protesting Nike, and I'm over here craving a cheeseburger and a new pair of sneakers...
All yall racist white people burning Nike kicks plz feel free to just send any size 12s my way instead
It says everything about RWers who are cutting up good shoes and clothing instead of donating them to people in need. Self-righteousness and the hell with other people.
People are outraged by Nikes decision to use K.C. in their ads. Nike has been under scrutiny in past for sweatshop/labor abuse like many other clothing companies where people are getting hurt worse than your feelings over a protest. None of you were outraged then..
The rules of disrespect towards the flag: The flag should never be carried flat or horizontally, but always aloft and free.
To all you maga fucks on posting the picture of Tillman... he was an atheist that fought for the freedom of expression and freedom of speech. My guess is he'd support
THE PEOPLE WHO BE TELLING US HOW TO PROTEST ARE THE SAME ONES WHO BOYCOTT A COMPANY BY BUYING FROM THEM LMAO
i love it a company supporting the 1st Amendment, to bad most of you don't get it the most anti patriotic thing you can do is tell everyone they have to act like you
People are dead right to - I don't think deserves to be the face of their brand either!
Apparently no one can let Colin Kaepernick be great. People are so ignorant burning their attire. It's truely ashame that we cant voice our opinions anymore without someone saying it's against our constitution but everyone fails to remember our first amendment.
The blue in the American flag represents vigilance, perseverance and justice. How dare we deny a vigilant man who continues to persevere through harsh criticism his very right to highlight injustices by kneeling before it.
the real reason for is that in 2016 these alt right boys spent all their walking around money on New Balances and their moms wont let them shop for shoes again til them other sneaks wear out and they mad about it.
Picked the right day to wear this!
Nike wants their brand associated with progressive ideals, not primarily or necessarily because it is the right thing to do, but because they see it as the future. This is one of the biggest endorsements of BLM/progressive ideals ever made.
Lol yall sketcher wearing asses protesting the right to protest injustice? And you cant see how dumb u look and sound? Everybody is making fun of you. Youre not even 20% of America, and Nike wont feel your temper tantrum over black people kneeling for equality.
Why are we having a ? Is it their sweatshops, gross Capitalism, low wages, poor working conditions, or Kaep? Too many reasons to choose from!
Thank you, Nike, for standing up for Colin Kaepernick, and reminding us all that there is more to business than merely money and more to freedom than merely standing for an anthem.
A Black man protesting his rights has always ruffled some feathers.
Commercial sounds like bad advise. They have actually signed the face of protest to point a finger. What has he lost? My hat goes out to JJ Watt for actually doing something.
All these lowlifes protesting Colin Kaepernick, need to get a life ! They are just trash with messed up lives ! Go get a job and a life ! Losers !
Kneeling to the national anthem makes no sense if youre protesting towards police brutality or Racial injustice. Kneeling to the national anthem protests against black slavery which ended in 1865.
I believe in Freedom of Expression for all.
Did all the Trumptards suddenly decide that disrespecting the flag & troops was a priority? Seemed okay with Trump actually doing it when actual military tradition was involved. Funny how racist your protests are starting to look. Will wear my Nike with pride
...with liberty and JUSTICE FOR ALL.
If youre protesting because of dont toss your stuff out or cut it up; drop it at in Huntersville so I can get to our homeless neighbors.
People are trashing their things & calling for a because of their use of in their ads. GOOD! Protest! Boycott! ! BTW I agree with those who & understand it's only disrespectful towards ignorant people & racism
It wasn't the fact that they're inherently supporting a company that makes children work in sweatshops. No, it was the guy who didn't stand for the freedom song that made them quit.
If you're boycotting Nike feel free to load your stuff off on me... I'll take shoes, shirts, belts, the whole 9.
If you want to , well that's your right. But instead of burning those shoes and clothes how about giving them to the Youth Ranch. You can own the libs and get a tax deductions...your 2 favorite things!
burnin boys Keepm burnin Please post your protests. I need another FUKIN Great laugh
Everyone at right now seeing this trending.
Just for the record im not destroying my new Jordan 1s to protest nike. Shits too damn expensive.... Could use some socks to match in case yall plan on burning yours.
With regards to the , I should note, I am wearing a pair of Nikes right now, that I am planning on replacing.Because they're worn out, and I need a new pair of Nikes.
I choose which is made in the USA instead of made in some swiill toilet water alley sweat shop in in Nike's buddy the communist owned china, and you should too.
and just like Collin you have a right to protest glad to see your all getting it
not standing for our national anthem shows disrespect to our country. This is not a race issue it is complete disrespect to the freedoms that we enjoy every day thanks to our military men and women. God Bless America.
This ad campaign stinks of board member Tim Cook. Screw the shareholders youve got more important things in mind right Tim? $NKE
I love how people are *protesting* what they deem is an injustice through symbolic acts!! Its sad they dont extend the same courtesy.
So is deciding to back a thug who started all the stupid protest in the . Guessing I will not be buying Nike stuff from now on. What a pathetic decision by them.
I appreciate your protest, but good luck getting laid in those wack ass Skechers.
To vendo uma galera gigante que nem sabia quem era o falando sobre o , Bando de paspalho, o cara levou um time ao superbowl, foi colocado no banco quando ele comecou os protestos, mandaram ele e o embora e o Reid era probowler.
You all wanna because of an ad ..... wait for it With a black man. Parks wasn't protesting a busGhandi didn't protest food
I have not purchased Nike anything for decades. Their liberalism is nothing new. They can reliably be expected to promote the agenda of the left and fringe SJW movements at the expense of our rights.
1) Why tf did yall spend 4x the amount required for the privilege of sweating on a checkmark in the first damn place 2) yall know it makes more of an impact if you leave the clothes on while you burn them, right
is ridiculous. Taking a knee is what the Founding Fathers would want Kap to do. The right to peacefully protest the government is a right that all citizens have and should use if the govt is doing something they find egregious. Unequal justice is egregious.
. Have always loved Nike & always worn Nike.Thank you for supporting and his 1st Amendment Rights.Dontcha just love all the rightwing nutjobs spending their money on your product then idiotically destroying said product. They arent too smart!
Swipe right.
I'm not a big boycott guy. But for me, this was where CK definitely crossed the line from protest to bomb throwing. It's pretty clear that Nike is now the official brand of "cops are pigs". I'm exploring other options for non-political footwear.
As individuals we all make certain sacrifices. Mothers/Fathers sacrifice for their children, Military for our freedom, Police Officers/Firefighters and yes even athletes. This wasn't intended to separate HOW we sacrifice but for us to all fight for what we believe
I guess the good old boys will have to wear NASCAR Jerseys on Saturday and sundays because Nike owns all NCAA football and NFL Jersey Rights
Those same people that are participating in the , are the same individuals that have vowed not to watch the NFL anymore. But yet, the NFLs revenue, TV ratings and attendance has not been impacted by players exercising their rights as citizens.
If you got on right now, post them and FUCK that
Y'all realize that if you're boycotting Nike you're openly admitting to being racist??And for those who "are choosing "their" country over Nike" you're not, you're just tweeting. Like I am, right now, in my Nike's
why are you anti-American against free speech so seriously take your anti-American ss and move to a country of your choosing lol instead of just do it give your marketing department an exam
RETWEET if you want to burn this right now!
Unless is sending you stuff for free, youre actually burning your own money, dummies.
Do not this is my take on this whole situation. I guess its ok to fly flags from a wannabe country than to kneel for something unrelated to the flag or anthem . If you have right to flag, has right to kneel. Even before Zod
Isn't it ironic that these people are using their right to but were upset at Kaep for using that same right to Boycott Police Brutality?
One more time. The flag DOES NOT only represent a subgroup of the population--Military--less only the ones who died fighting. The flag signifies the entire country and the totality of the values that it represents. One such value is the right to protest injustice.
stockholders just took a knee. Stock free falling. about to become the official shoe of common sense people. I love it.
Lighting your own property of fire. Remind me again -- who are the snowflakes???? You'll watch the NFL when wife abusers & rapists play the game but you draw the line at black men protesting peacefully. Then you burn your own stuff! Fools. All of you.
So people burning stuff are basically saying child labor and sweat shops are fine, but once you protest racism you are a bad corporation and have gone too far.
Its really important to REALLY stand for something you believe in but make sure it's the RIGHT Thing or else Truly you would be standing up for the wrong thing...even when standing up is good.
I need new work shoes. Think Ill get this time in protest of the
I love how 1 side of twitter demands you support exercising his 1st Amendment rights, while calling everyone that supports a racist for exercising theirs.
Now I gotta figure out a way to get some expensive and flashy Nikes in order to show my support for multiculturalism and 'trigger the alt-right Republican Muscovites". Maybe would toss an old Hobo Heretic a bone? Public relations bonanza. Enjoy
How can I start a massive trending boycott of my books?Looking for some free publicity...
I always use protest as an excuse to buy myself some new Nike gear.
Good job for doing what others wouldn't do! Why are people so upset with a person peacefully demonstrating and exercising their rights? What's wrong with equality for everyone? What's wrong with standing for something you believe in?
Dear Racist Patriots Of America, if you were really for the Vetrans you should actually do right by them. Feed, House and cloth them properly.
Can somebody, ANYBODY tell me when the anthem and the flag began to supersede THE CONSTITUTION?!
What do you get when narrow-minded racists don't think through their own protest? Have you learned nothing from the Keurig and Starbucks incidents?
Dear I purchased three pairs of your shoes.One for myself, they are very comfy BTW!!!The second to cancel out the protest of an ignorant bigot.The third was to say thank you for being brave and taking the lead on this.
My teenage son said to me this morming. "Ain't nobody mad but the devil and ain't nobody black burning their gear and tearing it up." LOL. I'm done. But he's right on both fronts.
If youre cutting up/burning your Nike stuff AFTER YOU ALREADY BOUGHT IT you just look incredibly dumb. Its not a protest/boycott if you already bought Nike stuff stable geniuses, youre just destroying your own stuff regardless of who made it.
Heres what my husband thinks of your choice for representation. Didnt yall learn anything from the NFL???
Trump supporter's grandaddies used to burn crosses....now they burn their shoes. The right-wing is nothing but a bunch of racist hillbillies.
If you want to "own the libs" for supporting and his 1st amendment right (so much for being constitutional conservatives) could you at least donate your Nike stuff to vets.
Because everyone KNOWS that those not participating in a boycott have no money, have in fact never purchased a single product in their lives, & therefore the boycott is enough to completely destroy the company.Look at all the other times it worked....oh, right.
Hi! Are you looking for and . Well you are on the right place. I will design Real estate flyer postcard.Contact me:
This guy protested against Nike for featuring ad of Colin Kaepernick. Dont be this guy. Dont burn yourself!
Its funny how people doing the are using their right to protest by protesting Nike while simultaneously protesting a man who they said they didnt have a right to protest.
I think it's a bit stupid how people are protesting Kap's message by burning Nike's products. If you don't agree that police brutality and gun violence is real, then you need to get out of that rock you've been under.
If you are going to boycott or protest by throwing/burning/discarding your apparel/shoes(size 8) please send me your gear. Thank you.
Hey all to people who are a part of the train. For one you protest them because they support an athlete but not for how they make their shoes and two....
is when Trump Supporters who hate Gold Star Families, POWs, Female Veterans, LGBTQ Veterans and Veterans of Color who fought for our rights to protest, show their patriotism by being racist hypocrites as they scream "BURN YOUR NIKES & STAND FOR THE ANTHEM!"
It never has been. Like Millions, U R missing the point. But if U want 2 protest, I support your protest. Good 4 U. BTW, can U put the brush fire out. We have lost millions of acres in the west due 2 fires this year.
cant believe you would dream of comparing Kappernicks disgraceful anti-America protest with the likes of a real hero named Pat Tillman. Ill never buy another Nike product again! Retired SMSgt USAF.
I can't wait until the mouth breathers protest everything until they all just stay locked in their homes to avoid everything. Aren't those idiots supposed to be protesting social media because Trump thinks they're silencing conservative voices?
Freedom, Bravery, and Boycotting in America
americans be like: "as a veteran who served in imperialist wars killing brown folks I support kaepernicks right to kneel because police shouldn't be killing brown folks" me:
Only a complete moron kneels in protest during the national anthem about basically being disrespected, while disrespecting others! FUCK &
So let me get this straight,liberals are branded being a snowflake or being whiny, but I keep seeing people on the right burning and/or destroying coffee makers, shoes, CDs, records and shirts when they don't hear something that agrees with their political platform.
When protesters realize that Nike makes NBA jerseys and Converse.
So are you gonna stop your kids from watching Looney Toons? Porky Pig played a cop in a few of those episodes. Colin is not anti-cop, he's anti-police brutality. You are not that fucking ignorant. Just shut the hell up if don't know what you are protesting.
not standing for the national anthem disrespects those giving their lives for your freedom. I will never buy nike again. There are other ways to protest.
Like just reading this BS thread is making my ears ring. Do yall not realize how ridiculous many of yall sound right now??
Thanks to the I bought a lot more $NKE shares. That will be my form of counter-protest.
If u r mad over as the face of but were silent when he became the face of police brutality, u r a hypocrite. protested injustice w/ his stand. The is a protest against a protest. Nothing to do w/ the flag or anthem.
LOL at these fake mad & campaign - "different" platform remember? Do u read? Know what the campaign is about? Nike supporting & contributing to Colin's Know Your Rights Foundation.
So free speech and the right to protest is no longer a freedom we are supposed to enjoy in the great US of A? Or since its a black man protesting I guess he doesnt have free speech
People, honor the flag by honoring veterans, not by disrespecting black athletes protesting mistreatment. Don't Wear Nike's in support.
It is a Sin to be Silent when it is Your Duty to Protest. Abraham Lincoln -
Brace yourselves. is trending.Here come the bigots, the racists the Trump Supporters, the Alt-Right, the Confederate "Statue Enthusiasts", the hypocritical Evangelicals, the people who never owned Nike shoes but claim they burned a pair, the morons.....
so what you're saying is: you are the same as kaepernick? someone who grandstands and profits from outrage but actually hurts the cause he believes in. you're right, for once!
So I was just sitting here eating my Freedom Fries, trying to remember if the Cons had done anything this dumb before? Hmm. Oh, well... guess I'll just start cooking my Freedom Onion soup & then for dessert, Freedom silk pie.
Trumpers only care about what the Cult 45 leader tells them to care about. You know Freedon of Speech is ok so long as you're not black and you don't talk about their Dotard. They damn sure don't care about our Vets, look how they treated McCain
If people are so riled up about athletes kneeling down during the national anthem, they must have pretty boring lives. Then those same people will whine when someone supposedly tries to take away their freedom of speech. That's not hypocrisy at all! Let's go Nike!
Everyone-even terrorists, criminals, thugs-believes in something...like their selfish greed and hatred of this great country which affords CK & divisive malcontents the freedom to to insult our flag & anthem thanks to the real sacrifice of Patriots.
For the racist degenerates who are crying that supports a black man protesting injustice, do this instead :
Hey man let's destroy all our products that we've already purchased in protest, let's show em!! Wait you don't have any ? Just buy some and destroy it that'll teach em! 've already bought it, how are you making any impact??
On one side we have a professional athlete exercising his American rightto peaceful protest costing him career and millions of dollars, and on the other a bunch of white guys burning their Nikes that are made in sweatshops anyway over some misguided sense of outrage.
Trump supporters on this right now...
Nike shoes cost an average of $100. Anyone who throws away or burns a good pair of shoes is probably too blinded by their privilege to ever see and understand why Kaepernick protests the unequal treatment of people of color.
Imagine burning your Nike items that you PAID for... Nike isnt losing anything. But please, continue filming yourself burning your clothes as you have that right. Just like Kaepernick does to a peaceful protest.
Looks like NO Nike stuff for this guy until Nike gets rid of Kaepernick. Bad choice for Nike.
Any frothing right-winger burning rubber as a is actually exhibiting a lower-harmonic/thug version of the "peaceful protest" symbolizes. Granted, his is essential, theirs is sophomoric, but the concept remains. See how that works?
might be the most retarded thing I have ever heard. You are burning something you baught from a company you are giving free advertising. Yall maga folks are retarded.
The morons will be back buying more Nike stuff in a week or two, and has garnered more sales from those who respect the rights of others. Well played Nike!
In 2010 Lebron leaves for Miami, Cleveland fans burn his jerseys in protest. In 2018 Nike uses Colin Kaepernick for an ad and people are burning all their products. Why am I confused???
is trending. I honestly don't understand why a business would voluntarily choose to alienate at least half of its potential customer base. * PLEASE donate instead of burning goods!
Before you burn your Nike gear in protest, please consider donating it instead to the underprivileged people of Pine Ridge Indian Reservation. Winters in South Dakota are brutal and many Oglala Sioux could sure use that Nike jacket you no longer need
No ... its blatant disrespect for our flag, country, and the ones who died defending it. Protest all you want but NOT during National Anthem!!!
I'm going to put on my liberty loafers and go grab some freedom fries.
The American right-wing and the Trumpeteers are sooooo f'king stupid, I'm amazed ANY of them reach adulthood alive.
Anyone burning or throwing away Nike gear to protest a black man for exercising his right to protest the injustice of this country only amplifies the validity of his protest.
So a quarterback gets his career destroyed unfairly. (His legal case is moving forward) And a company like Nike decides to do the right thing and now people want to boycott Nike? Does not make any sense.
I've always worn and always will. Who they choose do business with is their business. But I must ask the Kaep groupies, what has Kaep done to help the black communities since he flushed his own career down the toilet and disappeared?
3) If you are tearing up your dirty Nike socks to protest and our 1A right and obligation to speak out and protest injustice and government abuse of power then you support that abuse:
Damn right Kris. Nike how about you honor a Hero that gave up his NFL career to fight for his county and not someone who disrespected the anthem. Hope for you that the few you pick up can make up for all those you lose. =
you clowns mad at Nike but it's ok for cops to kill unarmed people? The whole damn reason they starting protesting this is a weird ass country.
I respect everyone's right to protest. However, burning your 's in a seems the height of First World privelege. Maybe consider donating them to those less fortunate? Here's a great place to start...
Hang on..., lets see if I get this straight . Yall burning personal items you bought with YOUR own money to prove point? Guess and were right, after all. Believe in something. Even if it means sacrificing everything. Good luck with the hate
While crazy ‚Äòmerica is and burning their merchandise over their illusion of patriotism, Grassley and the GOP are all over the constitution to nominate the next SCJ and committing real consequences for our us and our children.
Who cares what they do with their gear! Until the NFL tells Trump to stay off the football field and observe the U.S. Constitution allowing these players the right to freedom of speech, I choose not to watch any NFL games!Kaepernick took a stand by taking a knee!
another useless boycott, another day. Show me how this could effect the company. To go for the white privilege angle is just as stupid as i think protesting Nike is...if you have other options than Nike please name these patriotic brands in the comments down below
Conservative Logic:Kaepernick: *Kneels to protest racial injustice*Cons: HES DISRESPECTING TROOPS!Nike: *Supports right to peaceful protest* Cons: THEYRE DISRESPECTING TROOPS!Me: Using the troops to push your agenda is even more disrespectful.
BREAKING: Non-Nike manufacturers, in response to the , are seeking to carve out & focus on the racist, bigoted, Constitution-hating low-income, poorly educated older white male population in a rare chance to grab a larger piece of the lucrative athletic attire market
protests to stand for racial inequality but sees no issue with taking millions of dollars from Nike. Nike has sweatshops located in numerous countries around the world. You really can't find a better example of what inequality looks like. Just Do It
This comes as many have called for a on social media after the company launched a new ad campaign featuring the quarterback who became the face of NFL national anthem protests.
Hey , you know this is how capitalism works, right? That thing you love? Perhaps read this book on how 's use of The Beatles song 'Revolution' in 1987 enhanced their brand and saved the corporation:
you are on the right side of history here with . Don't give in to narrow minded and . More than ever !
Racist white people are so quick to protest something they dont like. But when they need to protest, they dont. The man is peacefully protesting. And he is more American than any of you will ever be
History will remember you as a racist who boycotted a business for supporting the protest of black athletes against police brutality.
Just heard a fantastic term for "protests" like : "Tantrum pageant".
So much for some clothes a homeless kid couldve worn back to school, am i right? Ugh, my country... Just when i think were on the last stair to the basement, it turns out theres a sub-basement.
on Nike's selection of Colin Kaepernick. He put everything he had on the line to promote social justice. His non-violent protests are not about the flag, the veterans and so on - this is a false narrative promoted by the GOP/Fox news.
2) If you are tearing up your dirty Nike socks to protest and our 1A right and obligation to speak out and protest injustice and government abuse of power then you support that abuse:
Just when I talked my kids into cheaper sneakers for school Nike had to go and choose Colin Kaepernick as their spokesperson and the right had to call a boycott. Now I have to go out and buy as much Nike as I can afford. Yet another reason to be pissed at the Right!
Absolutely! Players are being paid to do their job. Protest on your own time!
The wonderful gift the writers of our Constitution gave us is freedom of speech not freedom of speech only if everyone agrees with you.
You do understand that if you cut the swoosh out of your products, still gets to keep your money, right? people?
If your company name + boycott is trending on Twitter the day after launching a new advertising campaign; you have to fire your director of marketing, right?
The NFL players have a right to protest, but is this the best way? People have a right to boycott Nike, but is this how you should? Besides that, was just a bad quarterback and didn't have a right to keep playing.
1) If you are tearing up your dirty Nike socks to protest and our 1A right and obligation to speak out and protest injustice and government abuse of power then you support that abuse:
You enjoy the freedom and the prosperity of our great nation while having no respect for the very nation that made you prosperous and free. We are a family that buys the Nike brand, shoes, shirts, shorts I'm telling my kids to pick another brand were done with NIKE!
This whole thing is so hilarious to me. Ruining clothes youve already paid for which is doing nothing to them. The people doing this dont know what a real protest is anyway so Im not surprised. Wish they cared about the equal treatment of everyone this much.
I have no choice makes no mistakes -
Hey Moron, If paying a man to represent them after he peacefully protested the National Anthem = Shouldn't conspiring w/ a hostile foreign power to propagate stolen emails, leading to one's inauguration, or attacking war hero, Gold Star families = Impeachment?
Makes sense. products are made in China and other Asian countries, and they've proven to be anti-American. Buy Pro-American Their products are made right here in
Bizarre how supporters scream at the intolerance of society for not supporting exercising his choice to disrespect the Anthem/Flag yet scream at people & call them racist for exercising their choice to & Bunch of
Neutral but this whole issue shows me how incredibly irritating the human race can be. As a third party observer, it is clear that is not protesting the military; he is bringing awareness to police brutality and injustice toward people of color.
Go ahead and burn your gear morons. lol gotta love you idiots who still think the protest started by has anything to do with disrespecting the troops. Having the freedom to peacefully protest injustices is what the troops fight for!
Instead of burning all your stuff in the I welcome any XL shirts or gym shorts, or size 14 shoes. Feel free to dm me. You can burn your pants they usually aren't long enough for me.
Dont understand the . is no longer on the field. Agree w/him or not, our brave soldiers fight for his rights too. dont destroy what you have already paid for.
Nike plans to offset decreased shoe sales by ramping up knee pad production.Their target group is those protesting for more 'free shit'
Kneeling to fight against Injustice in the , and holding your right hand across your can not only show protest but also show support for your country. Those who are has a diff. understanding of what protest is & what saluting to the & who served.
America was founded as a protest yet yall tell NFL players theyre anti-American for protesting injustice and racism while you protest a burger joint for political donations & burn clothes and shoes because youre idiots who got your feelings hurt.
Seeing As Are The Talk Of The Day, It Might Be Useful To Understand Exactly Why Ever Started Protesting. Read My Article.Why I But Still 
In a follow up to the decline in $NKE angry protesters burning Nike gear, shoes and accessories over the Colin Kapernick ad have ran out of apparel. They are now going to stores to buy new Nike gear to continue their protest in an effort to send their message.
Everyone knows that the protest is more effective if you leave your shoes on when burning them.
The best way to protest Nike is to saw off your feet while wearing your Nikes. No
because they support an athlete protesting injustice? White Privilege! Trust Me, NIKE wont miss your money!
Im gonna need some help remembering all the things Im supposed to protest. Its a shame we cant all just love and support one another.
For you all participants in the yall do realize Trump cut the budget for federal workers right? Ohhh and lets not mention the plans/budget Trump also cut for those military workers yall fighting for..
I was there during the "Boycott Target"... And I saw those same people come right back to buy a carton of milk, some bread, oh & some eggs cause they ran out of that yesterday, etc only a month or two later.I know exactly how this shit is going to go down
Good luck with the You know their demo isn't old white men afraid of loosing their perceived social powers right? Wait till the stock dips back up. Then we'll see them "get it" once their wallets increase
If anybody just so happens to feel an urge to set fire to some size 11 sneakers in the Off White-Nike collection, please feel free to send them my way
Fact: if you are ruining your stuff right now, then that means you or someone else has already given money to Nike and youre just wasteful now. Congratulations, your protest is stupid.
All jokes aside, ya'll are doing exactly what you should be, protesting. You see an injustice in the world? Protest. You disagree with a policy/practice? Protest. You dislike another protest? Protest. Flex those rights, but let others do it too.
Just so I know if I'm boycotting for the right reasons.. why is everyone boycotting? I'm none the wiser here and I will like to be informed.. Anyone?
People who support the are bashing others for boycotting In N Out. Jesus, people, it's a free country. Spend or don't spend your money where you like (or, you know, consider exactly what capitalism has done to us all and go from there).
If y'all are joining the protest & getting rid of your Nikes....I wear size 7. DM me.
Me watching all the idiots destroy their stuff thinking that the company that ALREADY HAS THEIR MONEY will care If that's your protest - do what feels right for you but understand that it doesn't hurt & only helps their marketing campaign
To hear that people are burning their Nikes in protest is hilarious. Racist people are so damn petty & extra.
WHITE PEOPLE ARE DESTROYING THEIR IN PROTEST OVER INVOLVEMENT IN AN AD CAMPAIGNWHICH MAKES PERFECT SENSE...WHITE PEOPLE HAVE A LONG HISTORY OF FUCKING UPWHAT THEY ALREADY OWNTO PROVE A POINT
And I have the right no to! That why we live in the greatest country in the world!
Alright if you don't have nike and choose not to buy from them in the future because of Keapernic thats ok in my bookthis is insane.
90% of Nike's customers buy sportswear but never play any sports, So I'm sure they will be able to spot the subtle difference between protesting systemic racism, and hating the American flag.
When are people are going to wake up and realize and STOP arguing with those who keep saying Kap is protesting the flag and military when it has alreadt been made CLEAR what we're protesting! The idiots fo this are sheep for Trump! So treat them like it!
Fully support. Burning your Nike gear does nothing people. Youre only contributing to free advertisement. And I guess you wont be rooting for your college teams who are sponsored by Nike???
Fuck da dumb shit I aint fuckin up my shit to make a point yall dumb asses go be right back wearing Nike
Nike owns . and . too If youre going to boycott make SURE you do it RIGHT!
Nike owns . and . too If youre going to boycott make SURE you do it RIGHT!
must strap on a Kevlar Vest and ride along with cops in Chicago to PROVE hes sincere in ending police brutality. is people who support Police without a hateful protest against America and getting PAID Millions to DO IT.
Personal choice to murder? Horrible!
THIS would have been a better choice
FREEDUMB | MUSIC VIDEO -
think this is stupid.Don't buy the overpriced sweatshop merchandise in the first place. Your protest should be stopping sales until they can pay thier impoverished workers overseas a fair wage.Destroying stuff is what toddlers do.Donate it, they are only socks.
Hello people Colin Kaepernick is a total dumb ass, total trash and proving liberals are total idiots explains why they support a fundelmental patriarchal religion Islam lol. Hello he can protest, Obama's idea, but not at work!
If people want to boycott and never spend another dime on that brand, then that is their choice. HOWEVER, destroying stuff you already own and spent your money on is a special kind of silly.
How ironic is it that the crowd telling NFL players how to properly protest are the same people burning perfectly good apparel instead of donating it to people in need
No idea what is about. As far as I can tell its a load of Septics shouting incoherently about singing a song followed by bleats of muh freedoms. Is there a tl;dr?
For those who need to dispose of your Nike gear please send me a dm and I will properly dispose of your gear free of charge!
just suck it!. our hard working men and women of the armed forces sacrificed their freedoms for yours while you disrespected the flag other countries would not tolerate this.
YES, BOYCOTT NIKE AND ANY & ALL ATHLETES/COMPANIES THAT CHOOSE TO PROTEST BY SHOWING DISRESPECT FOR FLAG, COUNTRY, MILITARY/LAW ENFORCEMENT OR OUR INSTITUTIONS OF DEMOCRACY & BRING THEM ALL TO THEIR KNEES!
and 4) was only ever talking about police brutality and government overreach. You may hate or love Kaepernick but I have no choice but to love him. He lost his job trying to stand up for me, and so many others who look like me...
Nike is genius! Theyre advertising their brand at the expense of other peoples illogical anger towards them for sponsoring ONE man... If youre going to burn your expensive Nike gear, dont! Let me know and Ill come take it off your hands for free. Thanks!
There is honestly no way people of color can peacefully protest. As if kneeling isnt the most peaceful protest there is..
U people probably support kneeling on top of 1.2 mil. service people died 2 keep us Free.
Nothing proves your opponents point more than behaving like children. Burning your Nike gear because they sponsor a man who, 1) exercised his first amendment rights, 2) was advised by a veteran how to protest, 3) is supported by vets and non-vets alike...
Those who are protesting doesnt that mean youre making it more political?
Folks screaming are happy enough to have athletes run for entertainment wearing Nike but if stand, kneel, or want to have their legitimate concerns heard while sponsored by Nike, that means burning Nike in protest? & Nike is more than athletic wear.
If you ACTUALLY cared about the whole kneeling protest and why Nike is standing with Kapernick, go read the which is trending right now, so you can get educated. I mean, its the least you can do if you want to fully understand. Ive been trying not to call you R
The gambler in me wants to find that right time to jump on the Nike stock bandwagon.
Support free speech- buy Nike.
I guess I have been doing this before it was a thing have been my choice for 10 years
Why boycott Nike for using him. I diss agree with him taking a knee during the U.S. anthem. But it is his right as a American to express himself.
Free comprehensive hashtag analytics report of
So many people angry at someone taking a knee during the anthem, yet A-OK with an armed group protesting for Clive Bundy.
But he gave them free advertising on twitter where his video so far has 3.9 million views. I DOUBT 3.9 million people wouldve looked down to check out his shoes. counterproductive?
Most people boycott companies that engage in racism. But seems there are those who boycott companies that stand against racism.Their sends a clear message that protesting racism is unpatriotic.Cuz Racism = Murica I guess.
is a protest... Ya know that thing the first amendment allows you to do... Wonder who else was protesting? Oh no you don't care because that one offended you.
If you're in on this because you're against a black American man exercising his right to peaceful free speech in an attempt to bring awareness to an ongoing deficiency in our nation's observance of equal rights for all - let's talk. I want to try & change your mind.
People burning their Nike stuff that they already paid for in protest of Colin Kaepernick. Man... you already bought it, so why burn it? Lol
So wait, your gonna burn your nike shit because an athlete is protesting injustice. WOW, that just proves how certain people are.
on a side note sacrificed nothing & only brought attention to his failed NFL career. Where was his protests when he was a starter? Where was his protests during offseason? When you're on the bench, you need to stay relevant somehow, right?
kno wa jus make nike wit no logo already so i can hate n still look cool grow up issues are political racial etc naked protest?
I mean the joke's on the protesters really... already got the money from the shoes they are burning
Lol at the fake outrage over Kap and Nike doing a deal together. For the idiots protesting, I never wanna see you in Nikes, Jordans or Converses ever again.
those protesting against the kneeling for the national anthem wouldve been the ones to say Rosa Parks protested against buses. love & civility will always be worth more than your precious privilege. burn your clothes. well be burning bridges
Your boycotting the biggest shoe and apparel brand of all time because they stand with C.K for protesting against racial and systemic injustice. Cant say im not surprise.
Right wingers really do represent the totality of stupid - as they destroy Nike products theyve already paid for. Cant wait to buy a few products today.
NEVER understood this as well. Customer drops $150+ on a pair of Nikes . Suddenly Oh damn...let me burn these now in protest. Why not just donate them to a thrift/consignment shop...maybe an inner city school. Such a waste.
Some people do not understand why black athletes protest.Now they've taken it to the next level of ignorance by burning all of their clothes and catching a cold, because they do not understand why black athletes protest.
The homeless dont need to be free advertising for such vileness - we can donate other shoes.
Hello girlfriend this is not a constitutional issue . No one is stopping Colin Kaepernick from protesting or helping JUST LIKE EVERYONE ELSE HE CAN'T DO IT AT WORK U FOOLISH SUPPORTERS! This gay done with fab gay 4
I'll say it. Get the fuck off Kaepernick's dick already. Fuck him and all the shit he gets praised for. You shouldn't praise this man for kneeling. Protest against police brutality another way. Not kneeling during anthem. Nike just rides any dick for $$$$
happens when snowflakes choose genocide over exploiting labor
Nike got MeriKKKa shook right now...defo copping some shoes in support.
I am going to play this game until starts tonight. closed at 82.20 Friday evening and is at 80.09 right now. So what are we celebrating?
Time to invest in Nike stocks! Gonna buy a new pair of Nikes today as well. is a joke, these people are idolizing political conman. Kneeling is a peaceful & respectful protest
If a terrorist is on your side, are you on the right side?
Nope, it's the free market at work
Lets see how you fake patriots feel about this, Jerry Jones refusing to take off his hat during the national anthem... but how dare someone peacefully protest...
I presume is trending in response to Nike employing children in sweatshop conditions as opposed to them employing someone who exercised their first amendment rights
is such a confusing/dumbfounding movement.Essentially, you're protesting a citizen's right to protest? LOL
Im guessing Nike didnt see any of these protests coming. Heads are going to roll. The CEO will gone by noon.
Tuh. They quick to do a but the veterans I care for say keep that same energy when Dump takes away his benefits so yall can build a wall to keep out mfs from a free country THEY fought for to remain free.
Its crazy to me that people are burning shoes over an athlete protesting while the same shoes were being used to bait kids who needed them into stealing.
Dear protestors, send me your Nike shoes before burning them. I am a white, conservative male who puts on shoes the same way as you do. Thank you very much.
Its not hard... dont buy any sporting event tickets until franchises have no choice but to find another supplier due to the number of empty seats. I dont care if that idea never catches on. I, for one, will not support or anyone who supports them.
Soon to be Supreme Court Justice Kavanaugh is going to be the straw that breaks the Democrat camels back. His confirmation hearing and future rulings are going to play a pivotal role in restoring our Constitutional Republic.
Of course Nike has the right to free speech. Nobody is trying to silence them. We also have the right to free speech and choose to boycott them. It's funny that you accuse the only country able to put men on the moon of low intelligence.
This is ridiculous. Why do people ant to hate this man so bad for peacefully protesting but white men with rifles and torches are totally acceptable?? The world keeps breaking my heart. We need a change, some kind of light in all this darkness.
Honoring a Millionaire Protestor who wouldnt DARE ride along with cops on Chicago Mean Streets is a fitting END for .
just returned $300 in Nike athletic apparel. Bought instead. Easy choice. Whats wrong with you guys? Why choose an American hater that got fired from his job because he sucks to represent your company.
More should be offended by the abuse of power in the and the implication that free people should lose their jobs for expressing their position on a social issue.
Japan is taking the protest against the Nike ad with Colin Kaepernick too far.
Apparently now wearing Nike is a political protest of far right bigotry .
Congratulations for being on the right side of history!. you are AWESOME!. ? NOP!.
If you're gonna burn your gear that's your privledge as a free thinking American, but first consider donating them to a worthy cause to someone who is in need of ANY shoes, shirt, shorts regardless of brand. Then go tell your buddies you burned them. Win-win.
This is Nike $NKE right now.It's down 3%. is trending and sentiment has collapsed.
When I was young, political protest intimidated me. I thought it always required active movement & maybe putting your life at risk. I never imagined that all it took was taking a HARD and BRAVE stance on where your brand loyalties lie. Also, fuck conservatives.
Am I doing this right?
You guys know that Keurig and Yeti are still making money right? Maybe narrow your focus on one thing and achieve your goal before jumping onto the next mission.How's racist Papa John doing? I thought you guys were going to help him out too...
So this nonsense....Does this mean the preferred footware of White Supremacists is now Dunlop Green Flash or Hi Tech Silver Shadow? This racist protest against wont harm Nike but will damage the brand Trumpians adopt as their own.
Me laughing at these folk protesting (faux-testing?) shoes they haven't bought since 1986.
I'll tell my kid-oh wait he's deployed-fighting for this jerks right to take a knee and make millions while he makes $28K and misses the birth of his daughter
If y'all need someone to take the Nike products off your hands, I gotchu. Free of charge.
Lady u r a total idiot. Please ride your bike through Afghanistan! Hello a McDonalds worker can't wear a tshirt saying meat is murder, Hello dumb ass Colin was at WORK, Idiot had 8 months to help and protest all he wanted. is facist gay 4
You know what - the ppl participating in the are unAmerican! Their boycott shows that they don't support capitalism and are against the American Dream! They're using their First Amendment right to disrespect our economic and political system, and our national ethos!
gon burn me shoes cause i don't like people pointing out flaws in the criminal justice system. this is meaningful protest. yeehaw.
He did so to disrespect our flag just as you trampled on our constitutionHe could have spoken to precincts, PBA etc but NO he didn't. He tried to resurrect his career by protesting & he failed You wouldn't understand being a communist voter
lmao do you really think that burning and cuutting up your nike apparel will be protesting? your money still went to them. burn all you want sweet peach
I need some basketball shoes. I think I'll buy some Nike gear. I am doing this to support Nike for supporting Kaepernick. Free speech baby.
Im convinced some white ppl have NO common sense.. Youre burning Nike products that YOU paid for just to protest against someone who was just trying to show awareness to racial injustices in America..
over 70k+ tweets on this. People really have too much free time & get worked up over the dumbest things. wants to sign a failed NFL player because of..reasons..that's up to them. Just like if people want to stop supporting Nike because of it, that's up to them.
Nike is smart. They cant remotely alter their product like to make people give it up and go insane about the next collection, but they can get the right rich white people to burn their gear and make room for more. Well played, , well played.
Please dump your shares in protest. PLEASE! PLEASE! PPLEASE! So I can buy more
You have your right to , and I have my right to buy me some new Nike's.
People are only pretending to care about the vets just to have a justification for their racism and disregard for the blatant injustice when in actuality, they look at the homeless vets daily and dont give a damn about them. Protest yourself.
I served in the military. It seems to me those who are offended by Kaepernick's actions are disrespecting what the flag stands for, liberty and justice for all. Kaepernick's protest is an embodiment of those principles, and he has my respect.
How come all these dickheads don't respect 's 1st Amendment rights and his ? Oh I forgot. It's only when it's racist scum flapping their yap. When it's a Black guy making a peaceful protest, that's unacceptable.
Literally if you're planning on being a part of the then just make sure you're wearing the merch before you protest. Sends a clearer message
free ad
If you looking for a new logo, Don't worry, You are a right place. Just click this link and Order me now :
Hey USA if you would all like to send any European size 7 or 8 Nikes to me I PROMISE I will do a huge Size 7 & 8 bonfire in solidarity with my Yanky brethren. Plz DM me for postal details. Again this is for a fire to support whatever & not a way to get free stuff
How much you willing to bet that all those same people will suddenly say "Oh, but we are also protesting about the sweatshop conditions too" as if it was suddenly a afterthought? Bitch please, that shit wasn't new, where was your boycotting outrage then?
just like that time you boycotted french fries you remember you change the name to Liberty fries how's that working for you
I support Kap. Stop it with the fake patriotism. The same people protesting have never lifted a finger to help support troops or veterans.
So to protest a man who protested during work hours you protest during work hours yourself on the job? Hmmmm hypocrites much Hahahaha!
5) For all of you participating in the . Thats your right to vote with your dollars/feet. But youre just making it clear that you stand with the racist alt-right, and not proving whatever conspiracy your peddling.
Heres my abridged thoughts on and the . In case you care. tl;dr: Im with Nike and . 1) Is Nike cashing in on whats right? Yes. Calm down guys. Theyre a corporation, of course this is also a cash play.
How about instead of burning ur Nike gear in protest, u donate it to charitable organizations to support people in need who dont have the (white) privileges you do, such as burning expensive shoes and clothes. Lame.
real protest involves hard work and organizing... you just took a knee to get attention since your ability to play football wasn't doing it.
Explain the Logic in this : People who are pushing the are buying Nike Merchandise only to turn around and cut it up . So Nike retail sales are soaring because youre mad & protesting . Thats the Way to show Nike !!! Salute to
you know is global right? check their numbers..they will be fine. in fact watch their numbers go up overall..especially outside the US. Crazy how your got so many people bent.
Protesting injustice is as American as it gets, right? And its a right many gave their lives for. is exercising that right and REPEATEDLY said what hes protesting. What other way are we to think of those in the other than racist?
THIS is a football player who sacrificed everything. Last time I checked CK still has his life and thanks to Pat Tillman that right to act like an undisciplined 2 year old.
by burning your expensive shoes and clothing because they are supporting a man whose protest you never fully understood in the first place, nor did you try? Idiots. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm off to buy a lot of Nike merchandise.
protests something that started 399 years ago and ended in 1865 gets Nike deal!
Nike uses sweatshops and nobody blinks an eye. Nike is supporting free speech and people flip out. Everyone that is behind you are dumb. So so dumb
Yall are out here ripping clothes & burning shoes... When yall should, would & could give them to the homeless & vet families in NEED! Over a man who was silently protesting injustices? The hypocrisy! I wish I could boycott yall!!!
The is being misunderstood. I believe that CK has a right to say whatever he wants. & I have a right to not support his "cops are pigs" socks and Castro-Communism-honoring t-shirt. Hating on Nike is not about shutting down free speech. About spending MY $ wisely.
Americans are burning their Nike shoe in protest and I wanted to burn mine too in solidarity but I remembered that "This is Nigeria" we don't do that in Africa
lol the internet assumes me every single day. you know youre burning the things YOU brought with your OWN money, right? oh you DO know? well thats just tuff
So athletes protest police brutality by kneeling during the National Anthem. White Supremacists protest by burning their Nike gear. Just what Trump wants. Distraction to cover up his perfidy. Keep it up guys!
My way of protesting Nike will be to always buy Nike... thank you for doing what is right in a world praised for doing whats wrong.
The same people burning their stuff in protest Are the same people who support a president that dodged the draft and is selling out the US to the russians on a daily. I've never wanted to buy a pair of Nikes this much in my life & eff ur
Nike, I can't support your choice to defend a non-violent protest. I will be buying hundreds of dollars of your goods, paying to see athletes you advertise on, buying your digital upgrades in my games, and watching the events you market in, but I won't support you.
shoes are great for toe bends while kneeling, and disrespecting police and the USA flag. is changing to . Idiots on parade. Remember when Nike choose elite players not mediocre hasbeens?
It's sad that someone would dive as far as finding the most unrelatable idea of a protest and use that to shun an idea instead of acting on their blatant prejudice and just saying they don't care about racial injustice
I dont buy Nikes athletic gear because its overpriced and made in sweatshops. Their union with mediocre NFL player Colin Kaepernick means nothing to me and he deserves the right to speak his mind like anyone else in this country.
Please donate all unwanted apparel to vets who need them. Its the only right thing to do if a person is participating in the
A sincere question for all those who oppose and are doing the . Kaepernick has said multiple times hes kneeling to protest police brutality. He got approval from someone who served in the forces. Why are you still mad?
An Army veteran suggested the proper way for Kap to still respect veterans while also drawing attn to industrial racism still prevalent in this nation.Your protest is misplaced & lacking in perspective & substance.My athletic family supports
The dude has a losing career record. His last season of playing he went 1 win and 10 losses. He walked away from his last year on his contract. That means he quit. This is who Nike chooses as their new spokesperson?
All the NFL protesters have said that the protest is not about the troops who fight for their freedom of speech. K and All NFL protestors that stood by his side have said they are protesting police brutality against unarmed black people.
I hope that the fires being set to Nikes illuminate the irony of the protesters' privileges to do so -- that they can afford to burn perfectly good shoes, and that they have the right to do it, even if it is absurd.
seems like a good time to remind you that miliyary members sacrifice nothing for you. Its a job choice, and they obey the orders of the US government, NOT the people. They are puppets, not heros. Killing or dying for nothing doesn't make you a hero
Twitter: Where all of the meta & most ironic protests will happen.
I could support for a number of reasons, but NEVER due national anthem protest!
I call for a "Protest sale, " 25% off. Use code "whtprivilege" and we'll throw in a pair of scissors FREE!
'ers .... mostly racists, fat obese people and I assume some of them are good people Right on - Admire your choice !!
The is the real deal. How can a company idealize a football player, and a lousy one at that, that wears pig socks to protest the men and women in uniform. The man is disgusting, a resentful wash up that hasn't sacrificed a thing.
Over this People need to find something better to do with their time. Yes, you can still support police and troops and still peacefully protest poor treatment. People need to actually think!
BUSTED- Civil Rights Lawyer Slams The Left For Mainstreaming Extremists via
is a of grotesque proportions. MAX is "not on the right side of this" will hurt for a long time.Would think would have learned from about I am sure he thought would be
Whether or not you like Colin Kaepernick, he was doing what he believed was right, standing up against . Nike have made a big statement here which we should all admire and support. Let us know your thoughts below
Uhm you do know Nike has already made its profit from the shoes you wanna burn right ?? Its not like they are recalling the stock. What you're doing now is giving them free advertising but yea go on.
Anyone lookin to ...please feel free to send me your old gear. DM me for info
Cause nothing says "I'm not a racist" like burning Nike brand items b/c they support a black man who is protesting crimes against black peopleFFS I just can not people today
The is so stupid. Are we protesting protests now? How hypocritical is that?!
I guarantee that if, say, Aaron Rodgers, decided to start kneeling during the anthem to protest the so-called control of the US government, there would be silence from those screaming for a . It's not about the time and place. It's about the cause.
reading and wondering if anyone realises that everyone involved is fucking dumb. at least one side is only destroying their own shit, not everyone else's livelihoods in their protests. still dumb as fuck.
I will boycott Nike as well. Nike HQ 2 hours from me...might go in person to protest.
Kaepernick protests something that started 399 years ago and ended in 1865 gets Nike deal!
Let me get this straight.You demand respect for the military, except when is abusing McCain.You call us snowflakes but youre burning your shoes over an add.You demand the right to protest, but not when when it doesnt fit your narrative.
Maga logic: boycott American companies who stand up for social equality and free speech These fools also boycotted - boycott American companies!!If you can, do it by destroying what you already paid them for!
Notice how its racist white people that are following through with the . made it so people feel more comfortable showing their true colors, racists right now feel so entitled and once again believe their beliefs are right.
Cant decide which pair of nikes I want to buy. So many to choose from
The same people doing a because of Kaepernick , are such hypocrites.They bitch like little babies because some are protesting police murdering people, but want to disband the CIA, FBI, etc because they're investigating Trump's treason.
When a company turns political, it immediately loses nearly 50% of its business... 'Wise' choice
Somewhere out there, there is a racist douchebag with a swoosh tattoo, a pair of scissors and a terrible choice to make. Lol
People fought to uphold freedom in the US and then people go and start having opinions about stuff. How dare they use their freedom like that. Time to throw out everything I own to protest this protest.
Pat Tillman wouldve been a better choice than kaepernick
Picking someone who hates America and Americans as your mascot is not such a wise business decision. Esp when there are so many worthy people out there who could be Nike's poster child.But no. Nike chooses a jerk.
: dumb; please stop with this and all other "boycotts"Nike ad w/ Kaep: potentially good ideaThis specific ad w/ Kaep: horrendous word choice and messagingOverall result: major missed opportunity
Money talks and when it comes down to protesting, this is how its done. Hit em where it hurts: Their POCKETS. Would think wouldve learned that from the after the kneeling episode began. Guess not...
beta cash that $BIG$ pay check!!! All you PROTESTORS burning, cutting up, or throwingaway paraphernalia should donate it instead.
Why would Nike even think of doing this? People are destroying their Nike gear to protest Colin Kaepernicks ‚ÄòJust Do It campaign
Any triggered conservative feel free to send all your Nike gear to me
Yall doing all of this because a man was protesting injustice? Yall definitely showing yall true colors !
is a protest against protesting. Racist YTs are so fucking stupid
support LEOs and service members that truly know sacrifice (not some spoiled, privileged, pro athlete who never suffered police brutality, violation of his human or civil rights, or gave all to his country with the expectation of getting nothing in return).
THANK YOU NIKE FOR EXPOSING ALL THESE UNDER COVER RACISTS!!!!!! PULLING THE COVER RIGHT OFF. THAT WAS CLEVER
Dear trumpsters,Kaepernick peacefully protest during the national athem you get triggered and argue it disrespects the flag and the army.Trump criticizes, disrespects army veterans who served at war AND barely knows the national anthem and you cheer him. Nice.
dont worry. There is enough of us that will buy. Teens could careless about racist white people in red states who probably dont buy but one pair a year. We will buy Carry on and stand up for whats right.
Did make a bad choice by sponsoring ?
I'm not a liberal. I'm not a Republican. I'm in the minority who are not under the spell of believing dems and republicans have the American people as their priority. I'm a free thinker. Having said that i happen to be in the market for some running shoes
is right!! You donot mess with a National Anthem!! If Nike won't acknowledge that, they are just as bad, if not worse, as After all,you cannot really blame a braindamaged, mediocre, black NFLplayer, can you?
is dumb. But let's not forget, if Colin Kaepernick was actually a good QB... no NFL team would hesitate to sign him. He didnt sacrifice shit. He lost his job. Brady could kneel for pedo rights and walk on any team in the league.
"With Liberty and Justice for all "shouldn't be flowery rhetoric but that's what it is and has been. America has to live up to the poetry
LOL. You know cutting the logos off products you already own doesn't hurt the company right? You should buy more and do it again.
Hoooo, boy, this image did NOT age well. I bet this guy is burning or cutting up those Nike shoes right about now.
So let me get this straight, Americans are destroying their merchandise because they endorsed a Black man kneeling for equal rights...
people burning, shooting, cutting all there Nike stuff are basically morons being morons! That is my 1st amendment rights
Shiddd, we should protest & boycott (peacefully) on Broadway and his .
Let's be real the has nothing to do with the flag or the troops.It has everything to do with the fact that a black guy dared protest silently. You hate Colin Kaepernick because he's a black man who won't back down, who won't fall in line. Deal
As I scroll through and see so many people upset with Nike I figured why not be a little more light hearted and show the transition. Feel free to share
Dont . It makes the right look like a bunch of crybabys. Lets just leave the crying to the folks. In fact we should make sure were wearing them as they watch us order .
Nike joins forces supporting the American Flag protest... Chinese factory workers celebrate.Now for the Nike Stock sell-off... Keep politics off the field!
Carry on if you will, but I'm done with arguing about the stupid fake . IMO, it's a distraction for another day.What's going on in the Senate right now should scare the hell out of everyone.
It's always interesting to see people protesting, boycotting after criticizing someone else for protesting & boycotting
The raises potential for global labor solidarity between NFL players and workers who make products to exercise freedom of association and speech, and for an intersectional race/class/gender analysis. Day
So, people dont boycott Nike because of the fact they use sweatshops across the globe to make their sneakers, but oh boy they support freedom of speech and they are out. So gross!
So... people are protesting the protesters by boycotting . Apparently, they have a right to protest, but the protesters with an actual positive agenda don't. Okay, I get it.
Everyone in West Virginia right now...
People cutting up their , you know you already paid for it right?? And it aint cheap....
Never forget has already done the work. He met with a Military Vet who suggested that kneeling was a respectful way to protest during the anthem..........
The people that are boycotting Nike are also the same people that claim that they are "all for" peaceful protest.
More police officers have been killed, and more black people are dead in cities where BLM have stirred up police protests and police, feeling unsafe in those areas, have decreased their presence. Not joining the movement, but not a wise marketing move.
The fact is, we have other brands to choose to purchase besides Nike. Money talks...no need to burn, but also not purchasing.
Lets focus on Christian Right for a second. Its more appalling to them that nonviolently protest police brutality than a POTUS with 3 marriages, serial adultery, porn star affairs, and Playmate payoffs with campaign funds on his resume.
I don't think is complaining about all the free advertising they're getting from the Good job
Hit em with that ‚Äòtheres a time and place for everything. I feel like thats the wrong way to protest. and ‚ÄòTheyre being disrespectful to the labor workers who make those clothes, as well as homeless people who cant afford to tear good clothing
So... uhm... I'm gonna keep buying going forward. If this offends you and your "cause", feel free to unfollow me. Aaaand go sit on a pineapple while you're at itThanks
When are corporations going to learn when NOT to Just do it? customers BURN clothes to protest Colin Kaepernick Just Do It ad - Daily Mail
Also what exactly is he sacrificing he is getting paid to be on few posters and where free shit
Not only are you openly supporting racism, you're also throwing away YOUR money by destroying products that YOU paid for while posting it and giving Nike the free advertising they deserve.Just when you think conservatives couldn't get more stupid.
So Kap sacrificed everything to continue his protest? What about when he opted out in SF and said publicly he would stand for a job? I think is ridiculous, but he is only still a martyr in this divide because he isn't on a roster. Probably time to come together.
I like what has done to protest & , but partnering w/, a corporation whose business model relies on of poor people in countries w/little to no labor rights in conditions, doesn't seem like a good idea
As I scroll through and see so many people upset with Nike I figured why not be a little more light hearted and show the transition. Feel free to share
Yeah, is such a monster for peacefully protesting social inequality. What a beast!
Serena deserved her Nike endorsement. Shes good at what she does. The GOAT, in fact. I have no problem with Kap protesting, but hes not even a good athlete. Hes 2 years it of the league and he was 2-14 last time he started as a QB. Politics ruining sports smh
Just because does right in featuring in their ads does not mean they are doing right by workers who make their products. We can't buy our way to freedom.
Guess I need to go buy some Nike's to show my support for truly equal rights.
I think it is horrible people think this is okay...Why can't the left and right ever agree? The left is brainwashed and hypocrites while the right is arrogant and merciless. BUT SERIOUSLY IF U GOT SHOES U DONT WANT, GIVE EM TO ME
He wasn't even protesting your precious military
Let me get this straight?So an athlete protests police brutality & racism. Not a fake issue, a real & persistent problem.Major brand supports the athleteNow some call for ???So they are SIDING with RACISM & police brutality?I think your KKK robes are showing
Look at me mommy. I'm protesting to own the libs.
Lets burn shoes that we ALREADY PAID FOR to boycott a company that is supporting a protest against POLICE BRUTALITY This has nothing to do with patriotism or respect. Its about how people are being treated.The ad is perfect. Well done .
Not really directed at Nike...If you are protesting please do not destroy your shoes or clothes made by them. Instead, please consider donating them to the homeless or a shelter as they need clothes and shoes in good condition.
America, where a person who shows a sign of respect for the flag and country is shamed while a sitting President who directly and regularly attacks this countries values and pisses on the US Constitution is praised.
I wish Nikes use of overseas sweatshops prompted as much controversy as the thing.Mr. Kaepernick is right to issue a civil rights statement, and wrong to associate with .
Right-wing snowflakes destroying Nike gear that they already bought is what you get when all the people who don't know the difference between "your" and "you're" try to throw a protest. Good work! LMAO
If Collin Kap was also protesting the 7000+ black People that have been shot by other black people in Chicago alone since 2015, maybe people would take him seriously. But he only cares about the 35 shot by police (mostly self defense) coz its politically expedient
I.E. Translation - Im totally good with & FOR police shooting unarmed black people. I am & a & will always fight People of Color standing up for their basic human rights & dignity . My hate for fellow humans , matters more.
Will Nike sales are going to go through the roof? Despite the . turned a peaceful way to protest into a fiery catalyst of . You need to in the to survive only to be sacrificed.
I.E. Translation - Im totally good with & FOR police shooting unarmed black people. I am & a & will always fight People of Color standing up for their basic human rights & dignity . My hate for fellow humans , matters more.
Havent really spend time buying Nike products, but with their support for Colin, Ill definitely give them a closer look. What exactly did Kaepernick do through his act of free speech?
This would have been a better choice.
So, people are burning their Nike products because a sports player is protesting against racism and police brutality in the States? Fuck, for that reason alone I think I'll be buying some products soon!
Symbolic actions are effective if the issue you are fighting is a moral evil. Here, burning goods to protest who kneeled to fight racial injustice does not give you moral high ground needed.
If you are protesting please do not destroy your shoes or clothes made by them. Instead, please consider donating them to the homeless or a shelter as they need clothes and shoes in good condition.
I've got 3 athletic boys with 2 moms who are also athletic. We'll be buying more because they support real people & stand up for what's right.
logic: Im so mad someone is using their first amendment rights to protest Im going to get on Twitter and use my first amendment rights to protest.
So a right after they were making fun of Democrats for boycotting In-N-Out?
What will triggered white people do when New Balance starts openly supporting Black people? Being racist must suck right now.
Dearest "Real American Conservative Christian Patriots" Who "Love Our Military, the Flag, the National Anthem",Ensure that you are wearing your gear before initiating the Nike boycott. Otherwise your protest doesn't do anyone any good.
No more nike. I'll be buying pumas from now on. Or Adidas. Or reebok. Lots of choices
If youve angered the average white, red hat-wearing, troops shouting person, then youve decided to be on the right (not wrong) side of history.
The only shoe to take a hit during this whole issue will be these. Lawn mowers worldwide will be standing in protest. P.S destroying something you have already paid for is not an effective way of protesting.
tell me Im wrong: Kaepernicks protest was the wrong venue, but I think Nike is the right venue for his protest; endorses & accepts the risk, good or bad, the didnt have a choice. But this should propping up Kaepernicks point, not propping him up.
is the first time, Nike followed its own slogan!!I might buy Nike now!, peaceful protests against the killing of is just fine! Get over it Nazis!
If UR mad over as the face of but were silent when he became the face of police brutality, UR a hypocrite. protested injustice w/ his stand. UR is a protest against a protest. Nothing to do w/ the flag or anthem.
Some thoughts re: Consumer boycotts work if you do not buy products of the company you are protesting.
Instead of burning, cutting, or throwing away your , how about you donate them or send them to me Mens Size 10. You are free to support or not support the brand in the same way NFL players can stand or not stand for the anthem.
This is pretty telling at what this country has always stood for. Whiteness over rightness.
With all the burning Nike shoes brouhaha, remember that is a classic viral controversy that information operation accounts love to amplify. Look at the similar tempest-in-a-coffee-pot Keurig protest last year
When you're protesting a company that's often been awful because it actually stands up for something important, then yeah you're more through the looking glass than Alice Tweedledums
Chance to win a free copy of NBA2k19Subscribe to my YouTube channel to enter the giveaway
Free idea: take these burning Nikes photos/videos, put them in black in white, slap "Just Do It" on the image. Social copy: "Burn your money."
Imagine being so racist that you would rather burn your own belongings instead of hearing out someone's peaceful protest.
Thanks for pulling this disgusting unAmerican crap right before the .We'll remember in November.
Would it be fair to say, anyone protesting against is either racist or ignorant
Are fans of those schools gonna suddenly stop cheering for them as part of their ? Are they gonna stop buying official apparel of those schools? Because guess who gets a big cut of that purchase, Alabama jersey buyer? That's right, .
Any Nike sales out there~ I want to start my Christmas shopping early. is hysterical. Next nat'l protest, I bet those torch carrying racists will be in their Nike shoes and shirts. They will have forgotten they told everyone they burned them.
What has the NFL and Colin done on the off season? 0 protest in front of police stations
Former and Proud Marine.. You don't speak for me with this In my opinion, this is unpatriotic when you talk about "rights" and "freedoms" It's not an option, you can't turn them on and off when you feel it's applicable. So honestly, you're becoming what you despise.
Right-wing free speech merchants really cannot handle free speech. Genuinely my favourite thing in the world
You ignorant so-n-sos participating in the because of picking for an ad campaign show WHY he took the stance to protest and kneel!! Its supposed to be ONE Nation under God, INDIVISIBLE.... right???!!
To me nfl owners are in trouble and should be. Players and fans should boycott nfl games right now
I love that people are destroying things theyve already paid for to show how mad they are with other peoples legal rights. You should sell it or at least donate it. Yall out here making crotchless panties mad bout NFL drafts and cold genitals
(Opinion) "We are a nation of rights. But that also means that we have the right to not use those rights."
I support everyones right to protest. But maybe instead of destroying, or burning your Nike gear, DONATE it to the needy. You know since you care about America so much...
To the people burning Nike stuff, so yall are exercising your right to voice your opinion and protest a decision without hurting anyone..... sounds KINDA FAMILIAR like a certain new ambassador 2.) yall already paid for the stuff sooooo who lost really
Proudly wearing our gear today! Personally, I would stand for the Anthem, but in this family, we believe in the right to kneel in peaceful protest against social injustice!
People angry with Nike:Lets go buy the whole Nike store ,give them all our money,so we can burn there stuff on camera,giving them free advertisement,and show them our disgust with their ad campaign,while showing how ignorant we are
what y'all protesters really look like... You already paid for the product. Destroying it won't change anything
I.E. Translation - Im totally good with & FOR police shooting unarmed black people. I am & a & will always fight People of Color standing up for their basic human rights & dignity . My hate for fellow humans , matters more.
People are so lost. I grew up in a military family and it was always taught to me the flag and anthem stood as a symbol of freedom..but it has turned into an idol and vanity at its ugliest..I'm glad I'm saved, sane, and not like you.
If you come to my house and p*ss on my lawn, don't try to tell me that its 'not about me'. NFL players are on MY dime and MY time and disrespecting MY flag. Not one of them protests on their own time....so yes, they are making it about ME and MY flag.
Also, everyone's quick to defend their 2nd Amendment rights when a shooting happens. Let practice his 1st Amendment right to protest.
Aren't you happy you're FREE to be pissed at Nike for endorsing Colin for his message of freedom and equality? I mean you get to burn and cut up your own shit...that you already PAID Nike for. You dont like it? LEAVE!
Burn or boycott? Which one should I choose?Football, Harleys, burgers, or now shoes?The temperature's rising,It's hardly surprising:Our leaders love lighting the fuse.
Wearing My Chuck Taylor Cons Protesting $120 Sneakers.
Nike isn't going away people. Plain & simple. If you really wanna throw your Nike gear away send it my way or those that are in need that don't have an option to "choose" what they wear.
So let me get this straight, you are against the protest of brutality? Like at the core of this whole thing, thats what this is about. My mind is blown thinking about how hard the opposition is to that
LOL right?!! Like..NIKE already has your money...why do they care? my gawd!
Yall absolutely Racist an disgraceful saying boycott Nike Know for Damnn sure thats Colin ,Nike is doing right thing by Strand up for whats in our communities you See everyday Racial Profiling going on this country
You can have your ‚Äòfreedom of speech, you just cant use it how you want to. You must use it in a way where we are comfortable  it dont work like that
Instead of burning my crap - I just wont wear it or buy any more. Nike will feel the consequence for their choice to back this guy. is to support LEOs, service members, & all those that love/support them.
I'm not really participating in a , per se. But I am done with . Why would anyone choose to alienate customers like this? You would never risk offending gays, minorities, etc... but it's ok to offend military and police? No more $$$ from me.
is a ridiculous overreaction from anyone but police unions. But that doesn't mean this silly Kaepernick thing and politicizing shoes shouldn't inform people's purchasing and brand choices if they're annoyed. It's really shitty behavior on 's part.
Y'all can protest but uh, you burning shoes and gear you ALREADY spent $ on... Hold that L and don't make a video.
Cant believe after all the years of buying Nikes they choose to align themselves with CK , what a shame . After he wore pig socks representing our great LEOs .
I like what has done to protest & , but partnering w/, a corporation whose business model relies on of poor people in countries w/little to no labor rights in conditions, doesn't seem like a good idea
The hashtag really shows how easy it is to trigger racist Trump supporters. Of course Kaepernick's protest was never about the flag or patriotism. That is a distraction. It is about systemic racism and white supremacy and police brutality that stems from that.
You burning your Nike gear costs Nike nothing, & gives them free advertising.They are going to sell more to others because of the campaign.You think a multi billion dollar company didn't study the cost/benefit fallout before launching the campaign?Lol.
The Americans entertaining the due to Colin Kapaernick's Freedom of Speech are the same Americans who don't want their guns taken away as its their right to bear arms. Do the Rights and Freedoms of Americans only apply to some???
They aren't disrespecting the anthem by kneeling. They are trying to bring attention to a serious matter, in a peaceful, silent protest. They are not disrespecting veterans or some who gave their life to protect freedom. They died so they could have the freedom..
I think Nike's motives are pure (and I'm a cynic). They actually support liberty and justice for all and they took a risk. So, now I need to merch up. I have plenty of cash, so I'm hitting the shops! What's the opposite of a ?
deplorables protest level = MASTER
- You can support good police and appreciate their sacrifice and - also support NFL players protesting about unjust deaths to black men by police.It's not an either/or situation.But who is meant to be president for ALL US stokes division
Musicians should just play music and not protest social issues. Right?!?
I own apparel because I like it. I will not be cutting it up or burning it. I will still buy Nike apparel because I like it. I don't agree with Kap, or anyone, kneeling for the National Anthem. I am a Dem that believes in gun rights. I'll make my own decisions.
To all the liberals who now support I wanna say this, you boycott businesses like Sam Adams and in and out burger for thanking and donating to republicans but we cant protest Nike because of there disrespect to the national anthem and flag?
All these people behind the suggesting dead, white soldiers as a "better" choice.Do you guys even know what is protesting?
. Nike doesn't always choose the best people to represent their brand. I stopped buying their products when they teamed up with Michael Vick.
>'s latest partnership with has many on social media considering a . Some context: A short history of the national anthem, protests and the NFL:
Who would want to support a person who is seeking civil rights? A better idea would be to burn your property for attention.
funny how many of you guys protested in the offseason?
How ironic you are protesting , but the 45 disrespected the flag by lowering it to DISRESPECT a POW and sitting Senator. No other president has done that. Wheres your outrage?
: cae un 2,6% tras escoger a como imagen de su . La decisi√≥n genera , que es TT en . fue el 1er jugador negro de en protestar durante el himno en partidos contra actitudes racistas
Putin is just loving the bickering and infighting in America right now. Too bad the Republicans are too stupid to realize they've been played a philandering, failed realtor, turned game show host, turned racist opportunistic politician.
When a reality TV star, and the corporation Nike decide when, and where, Americans can protest.
I'm sure this homeless vet and many others will appreciate those shoes and socks from Nike that you're burning in protest because they're supporting Colin Kaepernick.
"If still you're doubling down on some imagined defense of "America" while simultaneously seeking to deny people of color America's most elemental libertiesyou're proving Colin Kaepernick right."
Many soldiers have sacrificed everything to give us all the right to peacefully protest. For observing his right to do so has sacrificed the game he loves playing. Everytime we observe our rights we honor those who have fallen in their defense.
Talk about promoting a view - notice is trending but the top tweets shown are almost all FOR their choice of Kaepernick when I am SURE that is not the views of MOST of America... and as usual, those voices against are called racists.
They're going to burn their Nikes & cut up their Nike socks right after they smash their coffee makers & boycott Hamilton. You can't make up this dumb ish lol.
Dear people. Our President literally kneeled before Putin, drew blue stripes on our flag, and dodged the draft 5 times. You are protesting the wrong person, and supporting a coward and a traitor.
Woke up to read ignorance and bigotry!All of your burning your Nike gear instead of donating to the troops.Your know Kaep protest was designed by a Vet?Protest was about police brutality? Same president your worship threw toilet paper at people in PR.
Dont burn your Nikes, give them to a homeless vet. You know those people who served their country so we can have a right to protest?
Why? when Trump is up to his neck in all kinds of legal doo doo and people are beating up on Colin Kaepernick, for peaceful protest he never commited a crime he is more upstanding than the President, and who is John Rich who cares.
If you are part of this you are a moron. Kaepernick is right. There is social injustice. His protest actions are not in anyway anti-American. He used a position of influence to gain attention. Racism exists. Not just from white people. Open your eyes.
Is it still weird some people protest against free speech by burning their shoes? Its like setting fire to your head to protest the right to a fair trial.
Some men just want to watch the world burn......a bunch of Nike's wastefully in protest of a protest of actual injustice.
A Georgia police officer is "fighting for his life" after he was shot while responding to a shoplifting report at a Walmart Monday afternoon. Meanwhile Colin Kaepernick has been awarded millions by Nike for his protest...
Rather ironic, protests treatment of minorities - yet helping to promote a company known for using sweat shops! doesn't care about how people are treated!
People burning/destroying stuff they purchased in protest always makes me laugh. YOU BOUGHT IT! They got your money already!
And on top of that, the protest doesnt affect Nike. They already have the protester's money lol. Meanwhile, the protester destroys their property - they might've well just burned their wallet
Burning products because you oppose athletes who are protesting targeted police brutality against black people is almost as ignorant & bigoted as voting for a white supremacist .
People are protesting by destroying their own property but have the nerve to say what is doing as protest is childish and disrespectful Lol. Nike doesnt care. You already paid them for the shoes youre destroying
How about supporting candidates that don't cut veteran's programs instead of getting butthurt people are exercising their First Ammendment rights that I signed up to protect? Fucking retards.
Good to see people finally doing something about these underaged, underpaid and mistreated workers. Thats what this is about right?
Soooo people arent mad that a Russian dictator attacked our 15th Amendment, but theyre burning clothing & shoes because American NFL players are exercising their 1st Amendment rights...okaaaaay.
Question for everyone supporting the and protesting : Do you know when Colin Kaepernick was kneeling? Did you know it wasnt about the military but about social reform and human decency?
I may have protested in a different way, but I will defend freedom of speech until my last breath! Proudly wearing my Nikes!
Seems bad for Nike to hire Kaepernick to boost sales, off the controversy over black people being killed! Now Kaepernicks EXPLOITING what he first PROTESTED, for millions in endorsements. Black lives really do matter, to their net worth!
Protest are meant to be uncomfortable. It didnt matter whether or whatever form of resistance he used. America wouldve found an issue with it, simply because black folks need to stay in their place.
Maybe peeps could send their goods to Let's turn their "protest" into a positive.
is everything wrong with Colin Kaepernicks protest
What on earth does that have to do with footballers protesting against black men being murdered by police?If you support the law, you should want bad police to be prosecuted.
I really DGAF. I choose comfort.
give it to a vet are you kidding me a vet would freeze before he wore anything made by a company that sides with a racist agenda to de value his or her brothers and sisters that are fighting for our freedoms
As a HUGE fan of , I was doing the before it was cool. I've got my black track jacket, white shirt, World Cup 3/4 Argentina pants, black shoes, and black backpack - ALL Adidas - right now! How do you like me now, ? Ha!
has EVERY right to kneel in protest during The National Anthem. And I have EVERY right to bang your wife if she throws herself at me in consent. It just makes us both COMPLETE DOUCHEBAGS for doing it.
How about donate to Let's turn their "protest" into a positive.
Let me get this straight. You want to exercise your right to protest by boycotting a company supporting our right to protest?Thank you for putting it out there
Linda Sarsour Calls for People to Rise Up Against ‚ÄòRight-Wing Zionists via
when did basic human rights become so offensive?
players who kneeled in PEACEFUL protest were being called snowflakes etc by the same *cough* rational minds that are now cutting Nike logos off of all of their clothes.. with LOL at
Before you join a This video is a reminder that idea to kneel during the anthem to protest injustice actually came from military vet Nate Boyer
Wow. People due to raising awareness for basic human rights... Instead of for ... People, stop being dumb. If you think its about the troops... Youre buying into a narrative to supress a peaceful movement.
People can choose not to buy what they want. Buying a brand doesnt define who you are. Identity politics is a cancer. I buy Nike because they are comfortable and fit me not because of the person on their ads
Way to give Nike a shit load of free advertising lol
Comparing Kaepernick with Jackie Robinson is ridiculous. Kaepernick was a celebrated athlete from the time he started playing sports as a child. He only started his protests when his career started to falter.
Linda Sarsour Envisions A Day When Colin Kaepernick Is Lauded As American Civil Rights Hero via
me looking at all of these tweets right before this friday's AWOK release
Colin Kaepernick Named New Face Of Nikes ‚ÄòJust Do It Campaign  Has Right-Wingers PISSED With Pathetic Campaign!
You are 100% right.
This shit is goofy yall do realize youre only protesting your own pockets right? Nike money aint going no where, but yours..
is hilarious! Burning things youve already paid for, while giving Nike free advertisement
My answer to your question is "yes" even though your if-then logic makes no sense.And of course, it's not a protest about the Anthem. Maybe you didn't get the liberal talking points memo.
It's wild that ppl are really talking about boycotting Nike. First off it's an American company. Second it's way too expensive to burn. These MAGA ppl are hypocrites. Nike got it right by supporting Kaepernick, especially since they outfit the NFL
Colin Kaepernick Named New Face Of Nikes ‚ÄòJust Do It Campaign  Has Right-Wingers PISSED With Pathetic Campaign!
Ya'll because Kap peacefully protested and is now the face of a movement? Y'all sing about "land of the free and home of the brave" but these cops are cowards who hide behind glocks and POC have never been "free" in this country. Y'all just want us to accept this?!
The Right's decades-long of education due to Nike sponsorship of ~100 colleges has now culminated in them destroying their own property.
If you looking for a new logo, Don't worry, You are a right place. Just click this link and Order me now :
Colin Kaepernick took a knee and silently protested against something he believed in. WHY ARE PEOPLE ACTING LIKE THE MAN WENT AND KILLED PEOPLE OR SOMETHING. Jeez, todays society sucks like is freedom of speech not a thing anymore?????
no more products bought! Nike should change the motto to play yourself out of a job & we pay you cuz we want to make $ off didn't sacrifice anything, he lost his job & didn't protest until after he lost his job are better!
Nike doing the right thing. They have numerous black athletes and more black consumers supporting the brand. Maybe we should tell black people to buy stock as well as support them more now.
In case youre protesting because you suddenly dont like those $100+ shoes you had to have to fit in do this instead...
When the NFL spends the off-season trying to combat Kap's silent protest and who just signed an 8 year contract to do the NFL's uniforms uses Kap's protest for their ad campaign the week of the season's kickoff. ?
If you looking for a new logo, Don't worry, You are a right place. Just click this link and Order me now :
Nike encourages Americans to buy Colin Kaepernick merchandise to show support/ burn in protest
The shoots itself in the foot again, right through those $400 kixSeriously though, if would have thought about it, he wouldn't have , but I digress and Colin is a moron
Very smart move by Nike in their current campaign it amazes me how it has resulted in grown adults burning overpriced runners, they they own, as a sign of protest
Yall cutting socks as a sign of protest? Lmaooo ok go off.
Nike sales about to sky rocket thanks to all this free advertisement... Where can I buy shares tho ???
Anyone who has any gear they want to burn in response to the feel free to send it my way. I'm going to be having a private burn of my own and am looking for any Nike Iowa gear, any old Penny Hardaway's or comfortable running shoes.
If you looking for a new logo, Don't worry, You are a right place. Just click this link and Order me now :
., with the same copy, Thanos could be a good fallback... There's so much potential for other tie-ins like, "Did he do it?" and "Sole Stone." Think about it... But in any case, was a good choice.
If you looking for a new logo, Don't worry, You are a right place. Just click this link and Order me now :
This is one reason why I see failing, among Americans as well as who focus on the right to speak, express yourself whether you agree or not with 's message. Of course, Nike would have suffered lost sales.... in hunting guns & camouflage
he is just another symptom of a society in freefall. Almost one half of a country believes that institutional racism is a-okay (if not justified) and that free-speech is only for the "right" kind of speech at the "right" time and "right" place...sickening.
The same people who are upset with the Nike boycott supported the boycott on Ivanka Trump's clothing line. Freedom of speech works both ways.
If you choose to not donate them and wish to still destroy you clothes, just know that; Alabama football is endorsed by Nike. Auburn football is endorsed by Under Armour whos main ambassador denounced the president & said he wouldnt attend the White House.
So let me get this straight.. People are protesting someone who chose to protest something.?
At first I thought he was so moved during the National Anthem that he bent down to pray, oh well-free country- he's free to kneel & people are free to boycott- Thanks to the forefathers/foremothers, service folks & Veterans . Now about my overpriced healthcare...
even though i don't agree with players/people kneeling during the National Anthem...i understand why it's being done...which most people i guess have forgotten or maybe just chose to forget...but as i recall the right to a peaceful protest still exists!
in my humble opinion it doesn't make sense to piss off a third of your shoppers.Your stock already fell 3% and it's only going to get worse.There are so many great athletes with a true message to help the less privileged but instead they choose to make a social stand
If you looking for a new logo, Don't worry, You are a right place. Just click this link and Order me now :
I dont any choice but to .
We started collecting data this morning on and - plus we have also archived nearly 800k posts since last October. Message us for free access
If what you heard is that I love ALL people, support people of color and defend the right of athletes to peacefully protest? Then yup. I'm Bigotted as fuck.
Me telling the protestors to donate their Nike gear to goodwill so I can cop some new fits
If you looking for a new logo, Don't worry, You are a right place. Just click this link and Order me now :
I was raised to not waste the food on my plate so destroying my own clothes seems a bit extreme. If thats how you choose to voice your outrage then by all means you are entitled to that right.
Nike: sweatshop labor is cool, right?White America: yeah that worksNike: Colin Kaepernick is a hero, right?White America: I WILL END YOU talking about respect for the flag. If youre a vociferous Kaepernick hater youre just a klansman without a hood.
So let me get this right. Adults who used their hard earned money to purchase Nike items, are now burning & cutting up these items to ...
if you're throwing your Nike's away in protest, I wear a size 7 1/2 shoe. If you're buying some stuff to burn there's a super cute athleasure wear set at khols, make sure to get mediums instead of burning I'll accept your donations
The is the stupidest protest Ive ever seen. Dawg yall already paid for yo shit nike dont give a fuck about what yall do with that shit.
Really wish people would understand that kneeling is a sign of respect to the flag and those who served to protect it as well as a silent protest to police brutality and racism. Im white. I get it. Bravo Nike.
Freebie: Please take OFF the clearance Nike gear before you burn it, team maga.
The rightwing trailer park marine trump types goin for a full-on socks boycott ! Nike trembling in their $250 shoes ... Back to Walmart for their marine sock needs ....
Fuck you and your , how about you people use that energy to pull your heads out of your asses and research what and others are actually protesting instead of blindly following people who are intentionally trying to rile you up to serve their own agendas
people burning their products to protest something. There's nothing wrong with Nike, it's the government, so why don't you burn that. You know when all this boils over they're gonna go back to the store and buy some more Nike products.
Right Wing Americans : People get too easily offended these daysAlso Right Wing Americans : A black man is advertising Nike clothing? I'm going to destroy all my Nike clothing that will teach them!
So we have an athlete in Colin Kapernick that protests police brutality and racism....a real and persistent problem in our society. Nike decides to give him a deal supporting him. Now some call for ? What are we protesting? Racism? police brutality?
Those aren't protesters.Those are paid actors.
I boycotted Nike years ago because of their unethical labor practices. I dont think theyre being altruistic ,personally I think this is all about money .Doing the right thing has never been a priority for them before..jus sayin
. backs and the protests he represents, and now among social trending topics. Should more brands take a stand?
I dont understand the ? If you dont want to wear Nike thats your choice, but couldnt you maybe donate the items to people who have nothing? I mean... Nike already has your money. Do something good.
Whatever happened to I dont agree with what you have to say but Ill defend to the death your right to say it? What happened to patriotism? Whats happening to my America?
Dear White People -- Throwing out your dirty shoes isnt a boycott.Love this comment "if he don't stand for the special song the magic sky cloth won't freedom" via
MAAAAYBE instead of trying to own the liberals by burning your possessions why dont you donate them to the veterans you think s police brulatity protest is offending. Just a random thought I had.
Nike's soo intelligent. For decades, some whites have been thinking that protesting was wrong. White people saying that they're no longer buying Nike, are about to see how many black people keep Nike the number one selling clothing brand
Whatever Nike is paying Colin Kaepernick they couldnt get this much advertisement. Great promo right at the back to school buying time.
Breaking Satire: Sod the kids working for pittance in sweat shops, you've featured a protestor expressing his free speech in your latest advertising campaign, now you've crossed a line.
Kaepernick says you need to believe in something. I believe hes right. I also believe hes an idiot and I believe I just switched to Adidas.
Again, its not racist to disagree. There are just others making bigger sacrifices. Accusing someone of being racist for disagreeing with choice is blind. There are other reasons to disagree besides race. Pat sacrificed more than kap ever will
I won't throw my gear out I'll just remove/cover the logo. But I'll tell you one thing I will never purchase one of your products ever again, even when you backtrack on this disgusting choice.
Nike knows their consumers and the athletes who they have chosen to be spokespersons for them so the others who plan to protest Nike your actions aint hurting a thing
People who take offense to kneeling are not alt-right or just a bunch of ...and I quote you angry old white guys who arent in Nikes demographic anyway.
This is what the ad should have been. You both are a disgrace to this nation and those who've fought for your freedoms.
Instead of this stupid I will continue to wear my Nike clothes because they standed with someone who is right
Hey everyone burning their stuff because they are mad at Nike for supporting free speech feel free to send me your stuff instead or better yet donate it to needy people OK thanks!
Anyone whos outraged by anything related to Kaps protest & is STILL choosing to ignore the reason for his protest, which has nothing to do veterans, the flag, or the anthem but the unfair treatment of certain American citizens, admit that youre racist & stfu
4) Since yall know everything, were any of you aware of the fact that the constitution says that no American, outside of those serving in the military, is obligated to stand during the playing of the anthem or the pledge to the flag?
If you looking for a new logo, Don't worry, You are a right place. Just click this link and Order me now :
Ive bought hundreds of shoes. And that was damn right! is for idiots.
With trending that just shows you how much they dont care about us. Colin Kaepernick has stated plenty of times that its not disrespect towards this country just a protest towards injustice.when will they listen
As a proud Army veteran, I just wanted to say that I support your right to freedom of speech, including in advertisement. I will NOT be boycotting your company, as your ad is firmly in the American tradition.
If I boycotted everything the Left and the Right called for, I'd be naked, hungry, untravelled and my house would be empty of creature comforts.
I wonder how many of these protesters are going to destroy all their Michael Jordan gear.
If you looking for a new logo, Don't worry, You are a right place. Just click this link and Order me now :
Even if it means sacrificing everything. free creative for campaign.
Who cares ? I do people stop right there pause for a moment when fighting about can we focus on things and change things for the better instead of ripping up our country and socks ? Just a question ?
And if you want to then this must be your new apparel choice
is a racist agenda, u get mad at an NFL player for kneeling to protest against a president who promotes racism/sexual misconduct/sexism/separating children from their families people condoning this are & are promoting hate,
If you looking for a new logo, Don't worry, You are a right place. Just click this link and Order me now :
Black people: Kaepernick is protesting against police brutality and unjust killingsWypipo: But he wore pig socks!
Amerikkka, where american citzens boycott a company because it decided to support an individual who silently protested injustice. ?
To those doing the ...... feel free to send your shoes to me and my mom as we both need new shoes but can't afford them. I wear a size 8. Thanks :)
Yup, and you do know that its my right to spend my money how I want and it WONT be on
the same people who scream we are all equal and spread love turn around and scream boycott nike because they choose to work with Kap the irony boy i tell you america is something else
The fact that Nike chose to add to the fire of divisiveness, is why I will join the So many hard-working and deserving athletes available to partner with. ... My employer wouldn't want me to protest on their time, why do NFL players deserve to?
right on. USA today is pure unabated left-wing propaganda
I havent bought a product for over 35 years or since the closing of their last factory in USA; but since the self righteous RW boycotts are not Freedom of Speech crowd are now conducting a I might just reconsider
Maybe peeps could send their goods to Let's turn their "protest" into a positive.
I will never ever buy Nike again! if they do the right thing has a new customer for life.
Weird how all the recent protests from the Trump crowd have been against sports gear companies (Dick's, Nike) while the protests from the left have been against fast food (In-N-Out, Papa John's, Chick-fil-A).Almost like a MAGA hat is a recipe for diabetes.
Some are suggesting the bright sparks with safety scissors participating in the should donate their apparel to the needy
Hey! Any fans boycotting ? I could use some free gear! And is backed by Nike too so...
NikeBoycott ppl want you to respect their 1st amendment rights, but dont give two shits about the players who are expressing their 1st amendment rights. If police would stop shooting unarmed black ppl, all this would have never started. Im ashamed of this
So ppl hate because he takes a knee (translates to he hates the flag, veterans, etc) Now Nike chooses him as a face for the campaign and those same people burn & throw away their Nikes? Instead of donating them to vets?
so ironic how the same people who constantly condemn BDS as "antisemitic" and/or an attack on free speech will openly endorse the
Last Time I checked using a hashtag for your fake outrage is just free press for Nike. You missed the part where puma and adidas where also going to offer Collin kapernick a deal! Your boycott wont stop them from being a billion dollar company
. . , a racist, loving draft dodger, to cover his traitorous butt, fakes patriotism. He attacked a peaceful protest against police brutality, stirred up his hateful, ignorant supporters. !
If you looking for a new logo, Don't worry, You are a right place. Just click this link and Order me now :
So I thought the Right had finally heard about, and was reacting to the working conditions in sweatshops. No, appears they are having some kind of fit over a protest like the one described in the Declaration of Independence.
$NKENike... willing to cost shareholders $$$. Not too bright. Glad Im not a direct shareholder.
Well... The is an entertaining little event. Watching morons burn things they paid for in order to give free advertising is quite frankly genius at its best
If you looking for a new logo, Don't worry, You are a right place. Just click this link and Order me now :
so let me get this straight though you're boycotting Nike because they support American Freedom inequality justice for all
I've been seeing a lot of the right-leaning people in my feed talking about/complainging about "virtue signaling" lately.I bet they'll be silent about & make no comment about the fact destroying something you've already paid for is the definition of the term
If you didn't boycott them already for operating sweatshops but decide to now b/c they featured an athlete exercising a constitutional right in a manner you don't agree with....That's it.That's the tweet.
Hey fuck you, I'm with Kap. So many problems in the world and you choose to hate a man for speaking his mind.
All the Cuckservatives burning their gear are straight up little bitches. Freedom of speech only matters to you when it involves protecting white nationalists.
Nike wont get hurt and far right has the right to protest but please dont be ignorant to what actually happens everyone in America is getting triggered and starting to divide because of the way your media portrays news. Before you say something think about it
Y'all do know Nike is global right..? Your little boycott won't do shit lmao. But how patriotic of you to ruin clothes and shoes you could be giving to you local homeless and struggling veterans. Y'all don't care you just wanna me mad
If your a part of the unfollow me right now. Its outrageous that this is even a trend.
The is a joke, right? Nobody who still supports Donald Trump at this point has a job that earns them enough to buy a pair of J's.
If you looking for a new logo, Don't worry, You are a right place. Just click this link and Order me now :
Lol let's not do this bullshit. Y'all petty af if u want to boycott these people for sending a positive message about kneeling during the anthem to represent their cause. Soldiers fought for our freedom and to keep our way of life, and to change it. Smh.
Come see the people opposing in Why do they not support the constitutional rights of others to protest injustice. Ah yes American values
You really think burning gear is teaching Nike a lesson? How about you self righteous goons donate your gear to the homeless? If you're gonna get rid of your gear, think about someone or something other than your Twitter likes
If you want to destroy your stuff as part of a , I will do it for you. Today's special 1 pair of shoes $20.00 to burn & second pair free. 10% surcharge of you want to watch the destruction plus $10 add on if recorded for social media.I offer bulk rates for clothing
Everyone cutting swooshes out of your clothes and burning your Nike sneakers, thanks you for the free advertising.
If you looking for a new logo, Don't worry, You are a right place. Just click this link and Order me now :
Here's everything that's wrong with Colin Kaepernick's protest
So now folks want to bring Pat Tillman into this as if it's a military issue. Met him personally at a football camp and this isn't what he stood for so SAVE all of that bullshit , he fought for this freedom as did I as a veteran
Whether I support or not - (I do). Above all else, I LOVE a good ad campaign, after all it is my career of choice. A good campaign is meant to provoke something in its audience & has done exactly that.
Kaepernick has explained over & over again that his peaceful protest was against Police Brutality and Racial Injustice...So anybody who supports this must also support Police Brutality and Racial Injustice in this country
The irony behind a capatilist protestor taking millions from a brand that exploits sweatshop labor is a lot to handle.
If you are participating in the , feel free to give your Nike clothing & apparel to homeless shelters . While your boycott won't make a difference because you don't have enough buying power, your clothing can.
Didnt hear much complaints about how Nike produces their products to create a great profit margin on the back of foreign labor, but a black man uses his right to free speech that men and women fought and died for and that's just to much?Yea, makes sense to me too.
: "I feel that taking a knee during the National Anthem, a peaceful protest against systemic oppression, is offensive and unpatriotic. Nike feels that it's courageous. I wanna show Nike how I feel ... by lighting my stuff on fire."
White people are crazy. It doesnt matter what you do with something after you bought it. Burn all your clothes up.. you paid for em How yall protest is always dumb
If you want to that is fine, that is your right, Instead of burning, how about you donate to your local homeless shelter. I am sure kids with no shoes/clothes could care less about your fear mongering flag rhetoric and would enjoy some new kicks.
I call this new trend of cutting up your clothes to own the libs Hoboing. Feel free to use it.
with all the positive role modes in sports, you choose one that separates the country for an ad.
Claims to care about human rights, owns horrendous sweatshops revolutionaries do not align themselves with major companies. Kaepernick is a straight up scam since he knows he wouldn't make much money in the nfl anymore.
"Slavery was a choice" -Kanye West- Thank you to Kanye West and the fact that he is willing to tell the TRUTH. So honored by this. Thank you Kanye for your support. It is making a big difference! Thank you Kanye, very cool!
you know destroying your already purchased gear does not affect the company, right? Step up your game.
People doing because Colin Kaepernick 'disrespected the veterans' by kneeling during the anthem. Instead of destroying your Nike products, why not protest against the unfair treatment they receive from the VA and the US gov? Vets aren't props to fuel your outrage!
All these suspected white supremacists who are doing this are fully aware that Kaepernick (and other players) are not "protesting against the flag". They create these types of deflective, false narratives on purpose to avoid the topic of systematic white supremacy
Nike Makes Things Right, Announces George Zimmerman as New Face of Company -
Yep. 's stock is down today. Must be a coincidence, and nothing to do with them alienating half of their customer base. Colin is laughing all the way to the bank. Disrespecting the US flag isn't a form of protest; it's being a jerk.
If you want to see racism and white people hate for equal rights and people of color just read the tweets and watch the videos of people burning their merchandise.
People are burning their shoes in protest over the new ? Why not donate those shoes to the homeless vets yall like to pretend to care about instead?!
What is it with racist white people's need to burn things... is the dumbest protest ever. Respect to for standing up. A rare good deed from corporate America.
Absolutely and I respect everyone's right to boycott or not. I don't care either way. I respect those who care about something enough to stand up for their beliefs. Do you. That's all that matters.
So its fine when the kkk marched in Charlottesville? But when an NFL player kneels in protest of an important issue of police brutality, people are burning things and spreading hate. Burning instead of donating, proves how much people are full of white privilege.
So y'all are burning your sports gear because you don't like ONE of the people Nike sponsors.....but when we protest racial inequalities and the killing of innocent blacks by cops we're weak "snowflakes". Oh okay.
Adidas and Puma were also trying to sign and promote Kaepernick so I guess yall better boycott them too right
I think it's funny that the same people who because took a knee to protest people being killed () are the same people who use "freedom" when talking about how the should be unrestricted NORIGHTSAREUNRESTRICTED
We Federalist support free speech but perhaps they could have chosen a hero rather than a man that kneels for a flag that people have died for. We vets, patriots, and Americans find it as an insult.
This is America The things "righteous" and "patriotic" Americans focus on
Wish people felt as passionately about police brutality, profiling, peaceful protests and ending racism as they do about burning their in some sort of misguided . Good for you every step counts.
is the choice of the . If you cant stand for the special song on a football field, how could you possibly stand on the moon?
The should have started when we all were talking about the company supporting child labor NOT because they support peaceful protest lol
Y'all can lie to yourselves and pretend you're mad that has hired Kaepernick because you love your country but if he was a white man you'd be way more open and accepting of his protests and that's just the truth. Racism disguised as patriotism isn't new.
Hey If you were going to choose some oneChoose some one worth while= Kap is not a very good athlete or he would be competingYou have chosen a person that harbors hate/can't argue with results Adios Nike or should I say Adidas
so theyre protesting...protesting?
(1 of 5) has chosen 2 endorse a false social justice warrior who is no longer an active athlete! What exactly has he sacrificed?! He has been PAID since he lost his job because he turned into a civil rights darling peddling divisive politics!
Errr, Kap is protesting cops. He was just too stupid to chose a time and place thats cop-related, so his gesture blew up in his face & cost the NFL revenue, big time. Now its gonna cost .
Ive been protesting NIKE for years, the just do it slogan forced me to sleep with men with small penises. Times up!
Thats right, there are a lot of racists and morons in this country get ready .
Who gives a if supports when is a trying to destroy the Constitution. I really want to know if the POTUS is laundering money for the Russian mob and if he knew Putin was helping him get elected.
It still just blows my mind how some people get upset over protesting civil injustices but not over the most racist man in the office of the president of the US
More and more the right is acting like the left, and it's not good.
Colin Kaepernick: I think most people can understand the protests have nothing to do with patriotism. Public: WTF? I don't get it. This can't upset me more. Nike: Here, hold my sport drink.
I will not join in with the b/c I believe in what Kaep stood for & continues to stand for beyond the field. Those who have a problem w/ decision clearly does not understand the plight of the black community still fighting for LIBERTY AND JUSTICE FOR ALL.
I'm not turning this into a cause. I don't care what anyone else chooses to do. This is a personal issue to me; I will no longer purchase products, which sucks because I like their products. Their stock will tank. Mark my words.
Since has made it clear his kneeling had everything to do with and nothing to do with the flag, the military, the constitution or America, maybe its time to acknowledge that the isnt about or . Its about race.
The president rails against gold star families and war heroes like John McCain. He mumbles the national anthem and colors the flag incorrectly but conservatives want a ? Thanks and . Youre on the right side of history.
Yes, lets force the poor to wear a product that stands for hate, lets flood charities with where they dont have a choice... ... Not!
People going crazy over the The only one winning is and this was a strategic, well planned and thought out campaign. They were waiting years to strike at the right time and you idiots burning your shoes fell for it your PR team is
: Nike Customers Burn Their Shoes To Protest After Nike Made Colin Kaepernick Face Of New Ad
So are you mad or are you big mad? Is it really about supporting the troops and the flag? Is it about a black man having freedom of thought? Stand for something or fall for anything.
COMMENCE THE RIGHT WING DESTRUCTION OF THEIR OWN PERSONAL PROPERTY!!!
2 things about the :1. These boycotters are the same assholes who wanted to call French Fries, Freedom Fries2. is a huge corporation who more than likely did an extensive risk analysis before launching this campaign + they know there is more to gain than lose.
*sigh* If you are determined to boycot Nike because they support 1st amendment rights to protest police violence & discrimination by burning your already paid for NIKE shoes (own property) .. don't do it like this . Be safe.
Ah yes conservative americans burning things that offended them, what an effective protest
The fact that and are top trenders speaks volumes about Americans. Boycotting Nike for supporting peaceful protests allowed by the 1st amendment and supporting a judge who wants to take womens rights away for possibly decades to come. Shameful
When they thought you was gonna be fired but you show back up to work out of nowhere knowing you making all the money GO !!! Keep supporting whats right and for standing with us!!!!
Thats it right on ! Adidas has some amazing shoes and athletic gear, that will be my brand of choice now too. I just purchased a hoodie, pants and shoes from Adidas a few months ago, I love it!
Honestly your doing yourself a favor when burning or cutting your gear. Overrated "style". However, I do stand for standing up even when it is against everything because I have been through so many f**ked up corrupt jobs. Equal Quality Job Rights
If someone protesting that their brethren are victims of excessive force by law enforcement....and your reaction is anger and setting things on fire....youre part of the problem.
Aside from the fact that theyre protesting to perpetuate racial injustice, the people, um, really dont know how to boycott.
This is just another showing of the idiocy of the people who think destorying stuff is a good way to protest. Nike only has your money morons, if you really dont want your Nike stuff give them to Goodwill so people in need can get them.
So basically or are using free speech but hiring a football player is boycott worthy? Is that where we have come to in America. My side it the only one with free speech.
Just lost another customer. My son loved your products. I told him that we would no longer be buying Nike products. After I told him why, he was 100% on board. We're exercising our right to freedom of speech too!
On a different but related note, reports that 's share price dropped 3% today due to the after it endorsed Kaepernick. Some people will rather burn their own shoes while standing in them than endorse the rights of the black man.
People protested NIKE when they chose a black guy as their spokesperson back in the 80s. NIKE is still cashing in to this very day. Jordans sell very well.
is a perfect choice for Nike Manufactures most of their products in Asian or Asian Communist countries so why wouldnt be their first choice?
All these suspected white supremacists who are doing this are fully aware that Kaepernick (and other players) are not "protesting against the flag". They create these types of deflective, false narratives on purpose to avoid the topic of systematic white supremacy
At least, the burning of Nike gear shows a rudimentary understanding and support of and free and symbolic speech.
is a joke right?
problem with and the protestors isn't that their isn't validity in the position, its that true dialog as to the pathologies driving violence in our cities cannot be discussed. Dependency, illegitimacy, lack of fathers, thuggishness 1/2
These protesters do realize they're blatantly revealing a character that exemplifies being just another puppet from trump's gaggle of racists held on a tight string, right? There is no other answer to their hateful response.
You think Racism is going anywhere? Well is trending world wide because NFL quarterback Collin Kaepernick, who took a knee during the anthem to protest police brutality against the black community, is the new Nike ad cover.
Right?! What snowflakes
Only 1 Win His last season out of 11 Games, this guy should worry about practicing NOT protesting,
: Nike Customers Burn Their Shoes To Protest After Nike Made Colin Kaepernick Face Of New Ad
So many qualified players that are deserving, yet Nike chooses to provoke & dis America!?
Me supporting the m supposed to wear as much Nike gear as possible, right? Bahahahaha people cutting up and burning their gear are too stoopid for words. Im with !
White liberals protesting the calling for Nike gear to be donated instead of burned are the same people who walk past a homeless veteran every day avoiding eye contact.
The will be about as effective as the boycotts on Hamilton, Starbucks, Keurig, etc. Well done for choosing the right side on this issue.
Throwing away/burning your shoes and clothes is by far the most ignorant way to support the . There are almost 40,000 homeless veterans in OUR own country who dont own anything but whats on their back but they cant use them right? Go rot in a hole youre all trash.
Not sure why people are boycotting Nike....the athletic people that arent bigots aka not conservative old white men will still be buying their stuff. Sales are going up on a Tuesday! Peaceful protest is what America is built on!
NIKE will be the only sneaker brand I buy from Now on. THANK YOU NIKE for supporting people of color & standing for what is right. Colin kaepernick &
The same people who are calling for a ....are they same people who was okay with trump leaving that flag at full staff to dishonor John McCain. is on the right side of history and we gone step with them. Dont worry KAP, we got you
I DONT UNDERSTAND WHY SO MANY PEOPLE THINK SUPPORTING THE TROOPS AND PROTESTING RACISM & INEQUALITY IN AMERICA IS MUTUALLY EXCLUSIVE.
I saw an entirely nude homelessman this morning & it was cold! He had a sign that read, Homeless Vet. So I gave him a full set of Nike gear, track suit, socks, shoes but he promptly set them ablaze in righteous protest because some people have class.
No boycott here. I don't buy Nike anyway. And, I have nothing that I've already paid for to burn. I do thank those men and women who fought so that others have the freedom to kneel.
The right way is to not disrespect the majority of veterans who have ACTUALLY sacrificed something 40% of which have stopped watching games.Also you shouldn't lie about police shootings, nobody's shooting you.
and their Campaign doing the right thing. has heart. In our country, , no in my family.
Trump Supporters: and everyone else who understands that kneeling is a peaceful protest that is not disrespectful to our military and it exercises our 1st amendment right and true patriotism:
Trump Supporters: "Liberals get offended so easily!"Also Trump Supporters: Destroy their own clothes because a company is promoting someone who is protesting racial injustice.
- you have fun with your , apparently youre a racist & now have no relevance in my choice of music.
Those racists will be alright
I bought a pair of 's last month that didn't fit quite right, so I WAS going to return them, but I'll keep them now and just buy better insoles
All these white supremacists who are doing this are fully aware that Kaepernick (and other players) are not "protesting against the flag". They create these types of deflective, false narratives on purpose to avoid the topic of...
The right way is to say the truth.The police isn't shooting you, stop crying.
As an American I respect the right of and burning shoes. Now how about we get the same respect for peaceful kneeling?
I mean, I am all about to protest their labor practices.
Real men protest by burning their Nike clothing while still wearing it.
is seriously ridiculous. WANNA BOYCOTT OR PROTEST SOMETHING? MEANWHILE THERES HUNGRY CHILDREN IN OUR OWN COUNTRY GO DO SOMETHING ABOUT THAT !
I stand with Nike even more. Everyone is entitled their rights on any matter. Buy NIKE!
Liberals claim Commie Kaepernick is protesting against "racism and police brutality" by refusing to stand for our flag and our anthem. If that is true why did he wear a shirt promoting racist, communist, police state dictator Fidel Castro?
The people that are boycotting over CK are forgetting 1) the brand is global and multicultural, 2) Nike execs calculated losing ignorant fans was a positive, and 3) athletes quietly protesting IS American.
40% of veterans stopped watching the NFL, only 28% of them support the protest.So no, they didn't do the math.They're just racist SJWs that lie about police shootings.
Why destroy your socks out of protest when you can donate them to troops who can use them as jizz rags?
All these people destroying their Nike shit is so stupid, yall are so petty that you destroy things you already paid for in protest? Good job
For all of you MAGA Heroes wishing to protest Nike here are some simple instructions you can follow.Dont forget to take your Obamacare Insurance card with you
Don't burn. Donate. Here's a store locator where you can drop off your shoes to those who are protesting with a
Same ppl thats tweeting is wearing Nike right now
If is a thing, the 4 using the White House flag, & office of POTUS 2 protest a deceased vet and former POW is going to be hot fire. After strong backlash from veterans' groups Trump stood down on his flag protest.
I dont own any shoes but Id now choose them over other sneaker brands. The power of brand activism. No
who are destroying their nike garments...are showing their ASSES. DO THE RIGHT THING !!!!
Also, is trending in the US right now (ahead of Beyonce). That should change. Oh... And if Twitter is actually filtering "conservative" voices how is that possible?
I think its silly but people who burn tickets,jerseys, shoes, etc. in protest have that right. I just think of all the less fortunate people who could benefit. Turn your negative into someone elses positive.
a 4x draft-dodger used the flag to disrespect John McCain the day after he died 23yrs military service POW & hero 26yrs GOP senatorMcCain suffered for the right to as well as the right to burn sneakers in support of police brutality
Buy some Nikes today. Flood the market. We can't let racism rule. The fake right needs to focus on the real needs of this country instead keeping up constant hate.
Colin Kaepernick knelt during the national anthem as a protest against racial injustice in the United States.Burning Nike products as a protest against him being featured in Nike adverts does nothing.Burn your phone's and TVs then you won't see them.
There's a reason it's being called and not NikeProtest. Nazi sympathizers in Europe didn't "protest" Jewish-run businesses leading up to the mass genocide
Full of shit!!!.... when 45 disrespected John McCain there wasn't a peep. Where's the outrage???....protest is not comfy people.... fake ass Patriots...
Donating items would be more useful for sure. Burning it is just a showboating & useless style of protest as kneeling. All the way around protests could/should have been done better.
How Patriotic Americans feel about Nike right now...Nike Kneepads anyone? ... 
I'd participate in but to be frank I've never cared about this whole kneeling for the flag thing at football games. The flag preserves the right to kneel, and the argument is therefore paradoxical and not worth my time. That said, I only buy Tims anyway.
Hey people - feel free to send me everything you don't want / are considering burning. Slide into the DMs for shipping information.
I think Nike is right on track with its campaign. To me, this is the correct platform for protesting political injustice instead of the football field. Use media and rallies to spread the message and inform. Not at the games. Not at funerals.
Yall still talking about on twitter with these whinny ass fools from .. certainly dont know why you waste time.. I need to get on this judge that will DEFINITELY OVERTURN .. Time to pay attention for all women rights in the country.
Can those supporting the perhaps take the trainers for the rubber to be recycled into condoms as you really shouldn't have kids if you boycott peaceful protest and change against intolerance and racism. Buy Nike
Don't be fooled: We know what the is about. White Americans are here to say that sweatshop conditions and child labor anywhere undermine the rights of working people everywhere. Proud to join my pals in demanding a global worker's union and living wage!
It's hilarious to see that right wing nutjobs STILL don't understand that a boycott doesn't mean you destroy the stuff you already paid for.Wait until they start boycotting Harley Davidson...
I hope Nike has a sell. Im not boycotting Im buying. I have kids those shoes are high as hell! And they are all they want!! And if that stock price goes lower Im going to pick up some stock too Keep exercising your American right!
Maybe instead of burning your Nike gear you should donate it. And maybe the convo should be twisted the way those offended have twisted it. Those who disagree with the protest support the mistreatment and murder of black people. See how that works
send me your unwanted nike apparel. i will dispose of it properly, right into my closet! thank you!
is basically exposing the racist people we follow. If youre burning, cutting or throwing away your Nikes youre a racist. One day your white privilege karma is going to get you back, cause karmas a b**ch! How about we protest for peace
People are cutting the Nike swoosh off of their clothes in PROTEST of their new ad.
Corporations are legal PERSONS? with more rights than people!! Just ask if you don't believe. Time for full disclosure of product content, country of origin, and exact price of the product displayed, discussed, or advertised. Limit all corporations OUT OF POLITICS!
The share price of Nike has skyrocketed after the crowd started . Who would have guessed that being guaranteed of wearing fuckwit free footwear had such appeal?
So people are now protesting . Theyre probably the same ones that boycotted the . They still doing that, or was that just for that season?
is extremely comical to me. Reminds me of the French fry boycott back in ‚Äò03 for ‚Äòmerica. How do those freedom, I mean french fries taste with your Hardees meal these days? Thats what I thought.
Learning from the right people at a distance, being with close friends on a personal note, and putting in the work > worry about the
The is a joke, right? Nobody who still supports Donald Trump at this point has a job that earns them enough to buy a pair of J's.
Is it ok for a company to use civil rights issues in their marketing campaigns? Im on the fence with this one.
Martin Luther king jr died with a 75% disapproval rating now hes the most celebrated civil rights activist...just some food for thought when talking about Kaepernick
You guys are aware that you arent really doing anything by cutting off or burning your stuff right... um, YOU STILL GAVE THEM YOUR MONEY
With , some americans really demonstrate how retarded they are.You do not support democracy, freedom or whatever... you are just bigoted morons.
Nike has the right to do as it sees fit - and so do we! Many ways to show our disgust with
Just a little reminder to everyone on both side of the Nike couldnt care less about being on the right side of history. They know their market, they know this will drive sales. They still are a big company and only care about making more $$
Those stupid liberals, getting "triggered" all the time amiright?
I have a question. If you disagree with Kaepernick kneeling in protest of police brutality, what is an "acceptable" form of protest to you? I am generally curious. (quotes around acceptable because Kaep does not need anyone's approval to protest).
What I bet is doing right now over at headquarters over the .
For your protest to be successful, you must wear the shoes THEN set them on fire. Geez.
Not one person who ever knelt during the anthem EVER said it was in protest of the troops or the flag, this week in white people missing the whole point
The mass hysteria towards the kneelers has frightening similarities to how the Romans executed people who didn't worship Caesar, even if they were otherwise tax paying and law abiding.
**FYI - JUST RELEASED **TI's FREE Holly Algorithmn A.I. "Trade of the Week"Good looking daily chart with room to run. This is a swing trade.You get entry, exit & target price points with chart & reason why selected.ALWAYS FREE at
If you see some tweets check the persons feed. Im seeing lots of people whos entire twitter history is ONLY tweeting politics. Thats the game right now to use social media to amp Americans up and keep us divided. Dont play Papa Putins game.
Everybody is being such a baby about this These idiots ruining clothes they already purchased. Different idiots saying its okay to protest but not okay to protest against a protest. Protest by kneeling is 1A and okay but peacefully protesting kneeling is racist?
I see all of the idiots have come out to play... Burning sneakers and condemning a Man's constitution alright to PEACEFULLY protest a flag that does not represent freedom and justice for ALL
This is hateful- not protesting. I dont support any company that supports this.
These are the people who couldnt understand the protest wasnt about the flag, anthem or the troops? Why am I not surprised?
Yes! me all of your Nike Gear and I will happily do what needs to be done for this righteous protest!*makes space in closet*
I guess CK must be planning to visit Imadinnajacket in Iran ala Dennis Rodman (did for North Korea) and convince the Iranian government not to take a knee for human rights.
May I recommend replacing those Nike shoes with some new Brooks? Very high quality and they don't publicly support decent human beings in their quest for righteousness.
Support peaceful protest, support change, laugh at the and don't end up with melted trainers on your lawn. Buy Nike
The fact that in year 3 people are still mislead, uneducated and ignorant to the facts of what was silently protesting makes me lose all hope in society.
Any moron that thinks a will hurt their company is a half wit. You think a company like didn't crunch numbers to see that this will help their brand? Plus the jokes on the , Nike is their offical license supplier. In short, the NFL is paying Kap to protest
: For what, it's marketing business, Y? aren't all these players going to police-stations & taking a knee/protesting the flag that flies overhead, visiting the communities & donating some of their millions toward entrepreneurship & constructive youth programs. ...
Let me get this straight?So an athlete protests police brutality & racism. Not a fake issue, a real & persistent problem.Major brand supports the athleteNow some call for ???So they are SIDING with RACISM and police brutality?I think your KKK robes are showing
Hey yall!! Just squeezing through the protest to say Ill take all any of yalls new items that arent destroyed! 8 in shoes and medium in leggings!! Thanks boo
They couldnt even boycott Beyonce right that time after the super bowl, they really think they can boycott a multi-billion dollar company
Optics of choosing a spokesman who wears cop pig socks is a poor choice for Nike and a poor roll model for youth.Ill choose underpaid LEO and country over disrespectful millionaires and sweat shop corporations any time.
Imagine being so strongly against the ideals of free speech and peaceful protest that you decide to throw your favourite socks and shoes in the bin.
To the people doing the , since youre so American. Donate the merchandise you choose to burn or throw away to the millions of homeless veterans. Since yall think its so much about the military
Under Armour would like to personally thank Nike for all the free marketing and future profits It was so nice in the good ole days when companies stayed away from politics! NikeBoycott
"Let's take a polarizing issue in the largest economy in the world and choose a side." - Nike Exec"That may not be a good idea." - Nike Marketing Analyst"" - Nike Exec"" - Nike Shareholders (Bastards!)
great job American Patriots! -$2.35 premarket. Lets send it to its death this month. Lets bankrupt Nike Too many other great choices - we do not need to pay Nike for disrespecting the Military Vets!
Here was the right thing to do. But way to ruin your brand.
If you are upset about and are participating in a silly because of and and not appalled by this outright attack on law and order then you need to put on your Nike shoes, take a Forrest Gump style run and ponder your priorities
Even a child knows what is going to happen in the next frame of this comic, right?So - tell me: Why is it that the Left acts as if it doesn't?
Pretty sure Republicans dont understand the requirements of a boycott. You actually have to use a brand to stop buying it. Bravo . Liberty does not need a time or place to be fought for. Youre doing a better job than our government protecting our freedoms
Why are people out here following this ? How are you going to boycott a company because they are supporting peaceful protest and equality. My only argument to the situation, being a veteran myself is that I still support actually wearing some Nikes right now!
name one place you can work at and bring personnel protests to. None exactly because we was taught that there are appropriate times and places for these type of things and work isnt one of them. Do it on your own time and dime. Not when representing a nation
Lol, I cant believe is trending lmao. You racist dont get it. Nobody is protesting the flag. The protest is that social injustice in this country is unbecoming.
Watch , a veteran and prisoner of war, defend players' right to kneel in protest last Sept. Let the folks rage. It's. Their. Right. I'm with
People are seriously burning their own shoes, instead of simply respecting people which the flag represents. Come on now, its Liberty and Justice for all. You cant have your cake and eat it too.
White privilege...destroying sh** millions of kids in this country live without. Dont forget to burn your converse. And your umbra shorts. Your protest is ridiculous. Youre out of touch. I kneel with you
If you because of their exploitation of child labor, we're cool. If it's because a free man expressed himself freely and respectfully over seeing his peers murdered extra-judicially, you're part of the problem. You embarrass yourself and your species.
Hey, you. The ones in this burning gear because a black man expressed his right to protest on national TV.You know, the man that brought attention to social injustices that you will never experience yourself.Your white privilege is showing.
So first you say Kaep shouldn't play football1. Cus of his protest2. Then cus he can't play u say3. Now you're mad cus someone supports him?Then you call yourself patriotic when you sit in your privilege openly trying to keep black american from making a living
Abusive labor practices? No problem. Black man kneeling in peaceful protest? OMG BOYCOTT BOYCOTT
Wait...people are boycotting and protesting Nike because they hired a guy who boycotted and protested something? Protestception.
- (v), When unathletic people make the choice to not wear athletic apparel.
How can you respect a country that has no respect for an entire race? "Liberty and Justice for all" BUT minorities
ASICS and new balance shoes about to be at an all time high, and dont get me started on the mark up for them sams choice kicks bruh
Ever heard of statistics, son?Nobody's talking about their right to free speech.55% of veterans DISAGREE with the protests and 40% will STOP WATCHING GAMES!But have fun crying about a protest saying it's not effective.
I'm so torn. I've been boycotting all my life, but now I want to support Kaepernick, but this is just Nike cashing in on the movement, but it's the right thing to do and I'm glad Kaepernick is getting paid, and the idiots are filling their diapers, but...
White ppl suck suck at protesting it should be not
Topic In 2018: White People That Hate Anything Supporting Black Americans Civil Rights. Topic In 1958: White People That Hate Anything Supporting Black Americans Civil Rights.
I really liked my Nike Freeks wrestling shoes, they are now being thrown in the trash....
Do people stand up before a movie to sing the anthem? No. So if the NFL is going to cheer on our military then it's open season on protest. What better place to do it than in front of millions of people? Isn't that what US military is fighting for? A free country?
One of my best friends is a Navy vet. After hearing about Nike and Kaepernick he plans on buying his first pair of Nike's in years. "I served for Kaepernick's right to kneel. I'd kneel with him if I could." Amen.
Murdered in the line of duty! stop the attack on made a choice to stand against the
Funny thing I'm noticing on here abt all the Kap supporters is that they think that the people who are anti Nike/Kap are racists or anti protesters. What they don't realize is it was never about race/protests. Its about the blatant disrespect to our Flag & our Anthem.
Nike chooses a 2nd String QB who uses this stunt to get PR instead of chosing a real hero who lost his life defending our freedoms. Sounds about right.
I think its pretty short-sighted for Nike to choose the "cops-are-pig" socks guy as their spokesperson. If I were an officer I wouldnt buy their brand ever again.
Why anyone over age 18 would choose to buy or not buy something someone endorses is a mystery to me. Boycotters, you wont ruin Nike. SJWs you havent won anything. Find something better to do with your time.
From his own mouth...it was/is about protesting the flag if this country. His football career was over by the time he started kneeling.
If anyone is going to protest and throw out their Nike gear, send it my way. K THANKS.
Once again the right will trash their stuff they paid for to own the Libs.
If you want to leverage the power of sport you can choose many ways of doing so without taking a knee.
But is against America and the military because he refuses to stand up and respect a song that embodies the whole reason to protest against the many black lives lost at the hands of those that are supposed to"serve and protect"?
is hilarious. These morons are giving Nike free advertising (Yay) and no one but a fool would destroy perfectly good clothing & sneakers. Oh by the way, I bought 2 pairs of Nike sneakers yesterday just because of
If anyone is participating in the and owns a pair of Kobe 11 black space edition in a 9.5, feel free to DM me. You can send them my way.
""s protest was also praised by former Mahmoud Ahmadinejad." - Enough"  Mind Shock
Nope. I'll keep buying and not be stupid enough to burn/destroy something I already own. You'll be on the right side of history.
People are soooo confused. The protest is about police brutality, nothing else.
congratulations on your new accomplishment. Also congratulations to and shame all the ignorant people protesting
Eh, not so much. Nike is lily white. Entire executive teamall 8 execs from CEO on down & 10 of 12 Nike bd memberstells you all you need to know about Nikes commitment to its brightest leaders.
Pretty sick and disgusting that would choose to stand with a man who HATES our GREAT police officers, and HATES our GREAT Country. NEVER shopping at that cop hating, America hating place again!
Gonna take a pic later of ALL of my households Nike gear knew what they were doing. Black people are the largest consumers of their clothing and shoes. Oh they bout to triple they plays. Kaepernick kneels b/c it's his right.
I'm already ahead of the i never bought nike beforethey make the choice easy tho. America > communist
your un American decision to place a flag bashing millionaire on your front cover will cost you where it matters most. If your hero doesnt like this country, hes free to go to some socialist country and try to earn millions playing football there!
People seem to be getting a little confused by people burning their Nike's. They aren't burning them in protest, they're burning them because they're absolute shite .
People want to stop the oppression , privacy abuses, censorship, and countless other injustices. Then support the future buy . Advocate for a better world for all people all over the world .. = Freedom from the Oppressors
Anybody that burns gear because you want a you are so delusional and a supporter because this NOT ABOUT THE DAMN NATIONAL ANTHEM, just say the only blacks you like are quiet and play whatever sport you watch was and is Right.
Our "national song" states we are the "land of the free" but minorities aren't free! We have more freedom than those in other countries, but we're not free in our own! Hell the song was written DURING slavery! And the blacks were the first to die!
People want to stop the oppression , privacy abuses, censorship, and countless other injustices. Then support the future buy . Advocate for a better world for all people all over the world .. = Freedom from the Oppressors
are many who will support choice and many won't. choose to further divide the country and deepen polical discourse. Missed opportunities to bring unifying message through their brand advertising...
You guys do realize hes been on Nike since 2011 right?
Racists calling themselves patriots are attacking an American company over an American man excercising his constitutional right to freedom of speech.
Question for those who are protesting Nike: does that mean you are going to stop watching the NFL since Nike is the official outfitter for the league?
Here's the latest in sports wear! These Knee Pads are made special so your candy asses don't get a boo boo while you protest!
is a much better hashtag than . They fight for our freedom of speech and we should be able to use it anyway we want!
Speaking as my WWII Vet G-Granddaddy would:Suck it up fucknut! Wanna be civically responsible? Try DONATING your things to the Homeless Veterans that fought for your goddamn right to protest instead acting like an entitled twat!Youre dismissed, Dickbird!
We have a president who committed treason, dodged the draft, cheats on his wife, hates freedom of press/religion/speech, raised the flag after McCains death, doesnt know the words to the N Anthem, and hes fine. But protests racism & we have this?
Nike's Support For Colin Kaepernick Protest Has Some Destroying Their Shoes With
It's great to see non Nike customers defending nikes choices against their customers. Seems like a great way to ensure no profits.
I know its counterintuitive, but we fight for all Americans to have a voice. I do not agree with flag burning, or kneeling during the National Anthem, but part of our freedom is exercising it when needed. It seems dumb to destroy your own property in response.
Left in 2018"If you burn Nike shoes you're basically a KKK member."Why are they crying so much about a protest?The police isn't shooting you, stop crying.
If you dont want your nike gear any more I'm a size 10.5 and medium shirt and shorts feel free to mail them to me.
when Kap first did the protest I thought it would fade away after a season, but is sure has turned into a witch hunt. It seems many Americans now just want Kap to go away and cease to exist (be dead) this is not cool to me.
I'm tired of the right hiding behind the troops. This country does NOT take care of them!
WHAT COULD THIS COMPANY BE THINKING? Oh, wait! Theyre not thinking. I consider kneeling to our national anthem as hating America. Its a misplaced protest against discrimination.
I was thinking the same thing! I was like- I think my son needs new sneakers, right? Yes I think he does.
Why cant people understand that I can support someones right to protest and what they are protesting, while not agreeing with the manner/ time in which they protest. We are all entitled to our opinions doesnt make us all racist or anti American.
NIKES ALL-WHITE EXECUTIVE TEAMall 8 execs from the CEO on down & 10 of 12 Nike board memberstells you all you need to know about Nikes commitment to its brightest leaders and diversity.
Here's a thought for crazies:You don't OWN being patriotic. Patriotism is respectfully speaking up for what is right, which is a system where unarmed black people aren't shot. And if you support a president who sided with Putin over USA, you are NOT a patriot.
this stock right now
NIKES ALL-WHITE EXECUTIVE TEAMall 8 execs from the CEO on down & 10 of 12 Nike board memberstells you all you need to know about Nikes commitment to its brightest leaders and diversity.
Remember when white ppl said that when we burn businesses & cities down in protest to "throw in the EBT cards too??" Well when others burn keurigs, Nike shoes & tiki torches, "throw in your hatred & racism too!"
Nike picked KappyNacky over the U.S. Military - lets burn all Nike products - the Government should ban their purchase - and we should protest at all Nike stores!!! Lets
Picking someone who hates America and Americans as your mascot is a BAD business decision. There are so many worthy people out there who could be Nike's poster child. But no. Nike chooses a jerk.
With everyday. Only the ignorant see an issue with his protest and choose to participate in a .
Boycott aside, Nike makes fashion shoes, not serious athletic shoes & my kids didn't ask for anything Nike when we were back-to-school shopping, they wanted Under Armour. Nike is failing on many fronts right now, not just marketing decisions.
So many people being attacked for supporting by people who use the freedom of speech excuse for Kaepernick.....
On this news regarding , let us not forget another sports all-star who sacrificed his career for what he thought was right as well.
To the racists idiots in America Yal do know Nike sells GLOBALLY right? So keep burnin the shit Yal paid for.the passion behind racism/hate we are witnessing right now is sad and ignorant ass Trump will show up and show out to divide the country even more.
Do what you like burn them, donate them, never buy them again. Just remember people died for us to have the freedom to speak our minds. This includes things we or they may not agree or agreed with. You cannot cherry pick rights and who has them.
Number 1 trending on Twitter right now is Which is filled with information a lot Nike's campaign and Colin Kaepernick
The majority of US veterans are against the racist anti-police lie that colLin and his ilk are spouting.But the left will find the most racist ones to support and disregard every protesting veteran's sacrifice.Vile.
Let me get this straight?So an athlete protests police brutality & racism. Not a fake issue, a real & persistent problem.Major brand supports the athleteNow some call for ???So they are SIDING with RACISM and police brutality?I think your KKK robes are showing
has sold hundreds of condos to the worst slimeballs on Earth, who are involved in the most despicable crimes like murder, & human trafficking, e.g. Russian Mafia. aren't bothered by this but choose the instead!
Ironically enough, this is the same inequality that Kaepernick is protests. May of our Vets are treated like shit. Our so called leader calls Kaepernick and the NFL kneelers sons of bitches for disrespecting the military yet he openly attacked a former vets.
Time To Dump $NKE Nike & Buy Under Armour $UAA Huge Shifting Trends In The Works w Nike's Bad Choices
Sacrificing Everything?! Really?! From and The So, Let them kneel, its their right
I find it funny how if you protest something on your free time aka not on your job. You are labeled racist, white privilege ICYMI this white man exercised his white privilege
Hey Nike burners you know you already bought those shoes and clothes right.
This is about racism now? Dang Twitter is making people sick. Thought the left liked protest? Guess only they can do it!
So y'all really going to stop wearing these this yall go to right here from ages 38-70 I believe when I see it y'all just talking
Too many Americans take the First Amendment to the United States Constitution for granted. Without those freedoms (5, look them up). we are doomed.
This is funny. This company's campaign is inspiring for millions across the world and these whites are big mad and are demanding a protest.I'll be protesting by buying a new pair of daily walkers this weekend.
I am right behind you . Could care less about the . The racists dont buy Nikes anyways. More like Doc Martins with white laces
The is some BS wrapped in the flag. Racists destroying items they already paid 4, yada yada yada. I support Kap, BUTCan we stay focused on the SCOTUS appointment that will affect the future of this country? While distracted with shoes they will rob us of our rights!
So the same folks who voted for a racist under the guise of economic promises are the same ones burning their their jerseys because Nike paid a protesting black man to represent them. Well, there's no sugar coating, Racism and Misogyny made Trump POTUS
People who were disrespectful to an American hero on the day of his funeral are now back to saying black athletes disrespect the flag and veterans by taking the knee to protest police brutality
I dont understand how people are mad about Kap & Nike. If youre mad about that then youre shouldve been mad about LeBron having a lifetime deal with Nike because he doesnt like Trump, right? Convinced yall just want to be mad about something.
If you looking for a new logo, Don't worry, You are a right place. Just click this link and Order me now :
Destroyed Nikes? This is the most dumb ass backwards thinking Ive encountered in a while,they already have your money,his protest was to bring light of the police brutality in America. If you fought for America you should fight for his free speech.
Soldiers died for the ones who would stand with a draft-dodger and the ones who would oppose injustice. They fought for us all. Your ignorance shall - in no way - impede my 1st Amendment rights or anyone else's. It is The First for a reason.
If Rosa Parks can use a bus to protest racism, use a football field. When did our 1st Amendment become disrespectful? Trump started this crap with his tweets. If they all knelt for Blue Lives Matter, would you ?
if you think burning your $2 socks is a protest I got news for you, it isnt. You want to see a real protest? Well funnily enough Ive got just the guy for you, and Nike just sponsored him for a decade
If you looking for a new logo, Don't worry, You are a right place. Just click this link and Order me now :
I been under a rock this weekend, but let me get this right, yall buying Nike products then burning them im pretty sure thats not how it work let me put this Nike tracksuit on to sit at my office and talk to high profile clients
saltine crackers are crying. Out with the old racist customers and in with the new equal rights supporters. In addition to Nike sneakers I own, I'll buy all my work out gear from them. THANK YOU!!!! Nike been with the shits.
You don't burn your own sh*t to protest. And maybe donate your gear to the vets you feign caring about while trying to keep down an entire race. Fsakes, trumpers are some dumb, racist idiots.
I would be slick happy yall stop shopping with Nike but yall protestors buy all the stuff nobody dont even want anyways. Le sigh
If a person of color protesting against police brutality, police brutality that primarily impacts communities of color, offends you - you are part of the problem. I support Nikes positive representation of .
You can't be Team America AND Team Confederacy. Choose one, deplorables.
If a person of color protesting against police brutality, police brutality that primarily impacts communities of color, offends you - you are part of the problem. I support Nikes positive representation of .
Anyone but They have made a choice, so can everyone.
Dear America, A won't work. A majority of people support what is doing. For every fool they lose, they'll gain two who support the 1st Amendment and the right to exercise it.
Hey morons joining . Why dont you just donate your shoes to someone in need, instead of blowing them up? Choose kindness over self promotion!
If you looking for a new logo, Don't worry, You are a right place. Just click this link and Order me now :
is on the right side of history.
"Believe in something, even if it means sacrificing everything."I have and I have lost a lot because of it. I will always stand up to be heard for truth, justice and liberty. I have already been boycotting Nike since the 90s.
And because this is how right-wing reactionaries work, I anticipate "" will be serving up phony concern about sweatshop workers and regurgitating 1990s analysis of Nikes production model, in service of absolutely no actually existing worker movement.
I am wondering if the / thing is some kind of "Springtime for Hitler" thing. I mean they had to know that the was going to happen right? Cover up for lagging sales?
If you looking for a new logo, Don't worry, You are a right place. Just click this link and Order me now :
glad i bought my air max tavas the other day :) your protest is based off bigotry, ignorance and the refusal to empathize with those facing injustice and oppression because of your own privilege.
People angry at Nike, Colin Kaepernick, and protests during the anthem, are the same people who defend the Confederacy. So it's wrong to during anthem but you're cool with enslaving people, killing Americans, and withdrawing from Union.
When you want to protest but nothing is hurting you and you love the law *destroys own store-bought property and snaps a picture*
While youre at ityall know Nike owns Converse too right?
If you looking for a new logo, Don't worry, You are a right place. Just click this link and Order me now :
And heres something: How about you donate your Nikes to the millions of homeless vets that are living among us? Im sure they care so much that a football player kneeled when theyre freezing outside.
Idiots not realizing Kap has had a Nike endorsement for 6 or 7 years. Nike never severed that deal. This is just the latest ad to star him since his social injustices protest.
Kneeling on a football field doesnt make you a hero - Being a protester and turning down contracts isnt sacrifice - Turning down contracts to go serve your country to fight terrorism makes you a hero.
NIKES ALL-WHITE EXECUTIVE TEAMall 8 execs from the CEO on down & 10 of 12 Nike board memberstells you all you need to know about Nikes commitment to its brightest leaders and diversity.
Lol ya'll destroyed your own property cuz you think kneeling is something that it isn't. Furthermore proving that you're not only idiots but puppets all the same. You literally destroy $100s worth of gear because Kap was asked by a --> MARINE <-- to kneel in protest.
So, people are turning this into a race thing now? Wait... oh, thats right... its always about race to you, huh?
I just thought of a genius way to reduce gun violence. Have the NRA sponsor Colin Kaepernick and everyone will destroy their guns in protest.
Here's my on .. Ironic. Cops killed innocent civilians, colin took a Knee, In protest, and y'all got all uppity. Nike's Kapernick Ad debuts & you set stuff on fire. in "Protest."FUCK YOU. End.
So The Right bitches about the Left boycotting In & Out, but then boycott Nike? I don't give two shits, I just find it funny.
If you're a conservative snowflake burning your Nikes, you could actually donate them to kids who might need them. But then, so many of those kids are inspired by Kaepernick, right? Damn, it's hard to be a useful idiot now.
If paying a man to represent them after he peacefully protested the murder of black people = Shouldn't conspiring w/ a hostile foreign power to sway an election & tax fraud = ?
Colin Kaepernick kneels during National Anthem as a non-violent protest. Others follow. Conservatives go crazy & start burning NFL gear. NFL keeps CK out. Nike makes CK face of ad's to start 2018 NFL season. Cons go crazy *again* & burn Nike gear.
The liberal outcry against the is proving the double standard more than ever - they kick, scream, and cry that Kapernick is an amazing human for kneeling during the National Anthem, yet when we refuse to buy Nike for whatever reason we choose, they call us racists...
the reason I boycott them as nothing to do with kapernick. Stop being programmed people. Again a big company is making this a black vs white issue. Free your mind stop the hypocrisy.
Isn't it funny. People are protesting Nike for running an ad with a guy that protested. Except, Colin Kaepernick protested by taking a knee. People protesting figured the best way is burning and destroying their own property instead of donating it.
To all of you folks... Burning your Nikes because of a black man protesting justice inequality makes you no better Klansmen burning crosses to support white power. No matter how you try and spin it, YOU ARE NO BETTER. Just thought youd want to know.
I'm always entertained by how the same people who say "I don't like what they're saying so I'm boycotting them so they lose their job" also tell us "you can't take away Kaepernicks freedom of speech". For them I suggest looking up the word hypocrite.
Am I right to assume only white people( not all, only the racists) are destroying their Nikes? That alone should tell you how concerned they are about inclusion, and equality in the world. Nothing but ignorant haters who Trump has inspired to hate openly.
Holy fuck you Trump worshippers are dense. Kaepernick was protesting police brutality not the country or the military. Want to know why? Because the flag and anthem are not what makes us America. The constitution is. Please please PLEASE re-take a Civics class.
I wont be participating in the because i dont have any feelings good or bad towards Kap but its funny seeing the people criticizing people for protesting something because they feel sorry for somebody whos out of a job for protesting something.
Based on how well the other right wing boycotts have gone I'm sure NIKE is quaking with fear.
For those involved in the , there's a homeless Navy veteran that lives in front of 14 Wall Street in Manhattan and she needs shoes and clothing. Feel free to drop your stuff off with her.
The right seems to forget a few important details about Pat Tillman. Tillman was an atheist who didnt support the war in Iraq who had a meeting scheduled with Noam Chomsky to get involved in the anti-war movement.
we have to protest the police brutality against African American, but the way you protest it's at the core of debate. can donate 1 billion of the 37 is making yearly, Kapernick can donate 1 million of his multimillion contract. give speaches, launch campaigns.
The left has issues with conservatives burning their own property yet say nothing when the left burns other people's businesses and vehicles when they riot. They call them peaceful protests with outside agitators.
I think I understand the now:- Not baking a cake for the gays = freedom of religion/speech- Chick-fil-A donating money to orgs that oppose same-sex marriage = freedom of religion/speech- Nike running an ad campaign that features = simply outrageous
But no one wouldn't take the In N Out Burger boycott seriously. But Colin Kapernick has the right the challenge police brutality on you sons of bitches. He don't have to do anything for you mother fuckers. He don't owe you all nothing. Let's boycott the president
Your probably right but the beauty of free speech is letting others know what is up to & let them judge. If it effects 2 buyers it is something.
Not once did any that knelt during the say they were protesting the military. So get your facts straight, you know those things that republicans dont really believe in. And stop with this stupid
(3) In the case of , instead of the fruitless task of voting with your dollar in the face of every choice carrying exploitation or moral compromise with it, you can vote with your VOTE and LABOR.
The people get that Nike already has their money for the clothes and shoes they're burning up, right?
I def not giving em my $   customers BURN clothes to protest Colin Kaepernick Just Do It ad - Daily Mail
Nike sales are going to go through the roof because of butthurt alt-right outrage.
Anyone who supports this boycott and burning is part of the problem and cant be part of the solution, Colin has been oppressed by the NFL and president of exercising his rights, but yall make it about vets and flags,
COLIN KAEPERNICK 'JUST DO IT' 30TH ANNIVERSARY CAMPAIGN SPARKS FURY, PROTESTS
It's stupid to cut and burn stuff that you already paid for. They took your money already so you look stupid. INSTEAD DONATE IT. Its unfortunate that the real meaning behind the protests has turned into a ignorant political thing by a small pocket of the population.
Hey snowflakes: Im a size 13. Feel free to send ‚Äòem my way.
So let me get this right, he want us to have a not because Nike have kids over in China making those shoe in hard unsafe labor conditions but he want us to boycott Nike because of some fucking ad? Bitch, Get your priority straight!
This is me rolling my eyes. Clearly an effective protest that will strike fear into all who oppose or support it. Oh, and theres a call waiting on line 2...someone called Better things to do.
How about this? Protest anything you want for 23 hrs and 59 min but leave the remaining minute to respect the flag and nation that allows you the right to protest. Cant you see that the offense of kneeling deafens and alienates millions of those you wish to impact?
Just so I'm clear: using child labor was fin, but using a modern civil rights icon to sell more shoes is bad; not because capitalizing on a social justice movement is crass, but because acknowledging social problems is the *real* problem?
I can't wait for & all normal people not to give an F about your . Thanks for the free advertising.
is the perfect opportunity to act like white people who seemed dismayed that blacks would trash their own neighborhoods in protest of police injustice verdicts. Why are you burning your own stuff?
I think burning good stuff looks bad and is pointless. But Nike absolutely deserves to be boycotted. It can do as it pleases, but theyre insulting a lot of people. Police, Cuban-Americans, veterans. CK doesnt just protest police brutality, he is a hater.
Nike right now...
I.E. Translation - Im totally good with & FOR police shooting unarmed black people. I am & a & will always fight People of Color standing up for their basic human rights & dignity . My hate for fellow humans , matters more.
chooses , a low life jack ass, that wears pigs dressed up in police uniforms on his socks! scraping the bottom of the barrel! Shame on you How low can you go
With black purchasing power at trillion; 41% buy companies supporting social causes will do allright. The not so much. A New Nielsen Report Puts Black Buying Power at $1.2 Trillion via
Riots that destroy neighborhoods are dumb...but burning clothes you bought as a form of protest...good??
Say what you will. Not supporting all Leos bc of a few bad apples would be like me not supporting all of football bc of a few players like you get it right you chose your market over the people that protect the people that wear ur stuff
Remember when you go out to March, Protest wear your Nikes
Start the Stand with your country honor & respect stand proud do it for those who gave it their all so that you can enjoy the freedom with your love ones
NFL protesters are burning their products. Yesterday they were in church listening to words that say "Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils: freely ye have received, freely give." (Matthew 10:8 KJV)
Nike can have whoever they want as spokesperson, thats their right. but...what exactly did Kaepernick sacrifice? The ad says everything, so can anybody name one thing?
I think I may go out and buy something with a swoosh on it today! Good for Nike using in its ads. He's a great example of what freedom of speech is all about. Apparently some of us need a reminder.
It's pathetic that those participating in the didn't mind the company's use of human rights-violating sweatshop labor, but announcing their endorsement of a black man who peacefully protests racial injustices? STOP THE PRESS!
So by their own logic, people burning their Nikes in protest must hate footwear.
NO. MORE. NIKE. PERIOD. They made a choice. Now consumers make a choice to boycott for supporting Anti-American Cop hater and United States Flag kneelers!
GREATEST PATRIOTIC QUOTES:"Give me liberty, or give me death!" - Patrick Henry"I only regret that I have but one life to lose for my country" - Nathan Hale"I'm gonna own the libs by posting a YouTube video of me burning my shoes & socks!" - My neighbor Bob
Anyone participating in the ... feel free to send that shit to me.
Danv I didnt know they made nike Muddding gear lmao.Also means ya gotta take your OL son of the team right.
I respect your right to freedom of expression, but I do NOT respect your current spokesperson choice. I will now exercise my freedom of expression by no longer supporting the Nike brand with my hard-earned American dollars.
Let these redneck hick yokels go barefoot for all I care. They're stupid! Military died for ppls right to either kneel or stand at the anthem!!! There's no right or wrong in this. This I'm more American than u pissing contest is pathetic!
Keeping us safe and keeping our freedoms in tact u know like the 1A
For those of you ready to protest Nike and pretending to not understand the true reason for this protest against police brutality I have just one thing to say...please go back and put your hoods back on because weve seen the real you!
You know you're white if Nike is no longer a household name because it supports a black guy who protested police brutality. Better destroy your clothes, that'll get back at them!!! even in a month from now nobody will remember this boycott and youll need more socks
The NFL lost millions of dollars over the the Anthem protests (over $600 million).Why would Nike pick the Che Guevara tee shirt wearing Kaepernick as their 30th anniversary Just do it campaign? Even a dummy can see this is an awful business decision.
White trump supporters are because Kaepernick takes a knee to protest systemic racism but absolutely love adidas supporting kanye saying slavery was a choice enabling their racism.
For those who for their campaign, this words might be right for you now I really dont care, do you?
If you looking for a new logo, Don't worry, You are a right place. Just click this link and Order me now :
For those of you joining this and destroying your items, how about donating them to the homeless and mentally ill veterans that America shits on every single day...you care so much though right? FOH!
Kaepermick defiance to stand for the National anthem to protest police brutality against Blacks has only been seen as unAmerican, and its real meaning was lost. White America will defend its flag before the life or injustice of Black Americans Sadly.
I can understand not buying because of their blatant capitalism that exploits workers, but instead you choose a because you are racist. Only in America...
Also...if youre a part of the ..why do you continue to fail to see that Kaepernick has explained what his protest is for and he isnt disrespectfing the flag nor the military? Why do you continue to care more for a symbol than actual human lives?
This has me looking at people sideways if they dont have Nikes on... I know thats not right.. but my mind is telling me if you have Nike on.. then youre cool.
Liberals high horsing this when they've performed too many of these same worthless protests to count in recent memory.
How dare Nike choose to be on the right side of history!
I can't believe he disrespected socks and all the people who make them in order to protest an injustice. Now I have to boycott concerts.
Just learned there's a happening from the right wingers in my office. I'm OK with that until they start to mess with my Sketchers work boots.
They won't do it - They're completely heartless to anyone but the rich - Right
Hey alright! More fruitless posturing destroying your own property already paid for to earn circle jerk points from meat head idiots on the internet! Wait to show em!
You do realize you already paid for the shoes right?
Just bought some nike socksNike did the right thing so forget a out and support
Decades of low wage foreign labor practices are fine. But boycott Nike because of 1 ad by someone peacefully protesting. Makes total sense.
You do know that's all your s%=+ you tearing up right!! already got their money!!
If paying a man to represent them after he peacefully protested the National Anthem = Shouldn't conspiring w/ a hostile foreign power to propagate stolen emails, leading to one's inauguration, or attacking war hero, John McCain & Gold Star families = Impeachment?
Yes. Let's all support the rights of coddled millionaires to use their EMPLOYERS PLACE OF BUSINESS to push those spoiled brats personal political beliefs. Because companies like Nike would tolerate that for a single second from their employees.
I dont get all the tweets about giving Nikes to homeless vets. I thought this was about police brutality. About social injustice? About the president? Let me know when you decide what Kreaperdick is protesting.
Thank you for being on the right side of history by making Colin Kaepernick the face of 30 yr anniversary Just do it. This young man has sacrificed his career to fight for what is right. Dont
Boycott if they choose to stand with Disgraceful
Lol rallying to support Nike to combat racism...it's like ya'll forgot about the sweatshops that Nike uses that exploits impoverished Asians. But go ahead and do you to feel righteous...
Nike & McDonalds or Adidas & In and Out - you must make a choice.
Lawd the yt tears I'm seeing this morning. Ya'll burning clothes, shoes, socks, etc. You idiots do realize already got your money right?? And they for damn sure not losing any sleep over it. But carry on...
Oh noes, a over a picture of Kaepernick  Local man consults with veterans about how to protest respectfully, falsely accused of protesting the flag. The Unreachables > The Deplorables
USA. Home of the Free? I just don't get this thing. Colin Kaepernick kneels during the national anthem as a protest/statement. How does this mean he's disrespecting people who died for their country? If he took a shit on a war memorial, I could understand.
Shit, let me look at my bank account. How much is it to purchase stock? yeah right. Nike has been a way of life as long as Ive been alive.
was protesting police brutality, not the National Anthem or the flag.
Yes, no more advertising for a company who chooses a spokesman who wore Cops as pigs socks. We can buy the veterans something thats not Anti-American.
There's a , and an ...Because Colin Kaepernik is protesting something that does not exist.There is police brutality. It is rare, and it is not disproportionately directed at black people. It is disproportionately directed at CRIMINALS.
If you're burning your gear, maybe donate it to instead? Maaaaaaaybe use your "protest" to help those that you're always so "worried" about offending. Just a thought.
Im taking a knee to protest Nike
Youre even burning the right foot shoes? Thats disrespectful of your fascist overlord, that is!
Meanwhile, all you fools boycotting Nike 4 are exactly that. FOOLS. Kaepernick & others r kneeling in protest abt police brutality 2wards POC. They are NOT disrespecting the flag or the military you deluded asswipes. Im still wearing my new Nikes
Do all of these people realize that burning their clothes not only means you wasted money? You couldve easily donated it to someone needing clothes. This is also giving the company they all despise for giving a black man freedom of speech free advertising.
keep burning their shoes and posting it.They don't realize that already has their money.Plus, they are free advertising.Nothing could be better for Nike.No one wants to be like Trump.
Burning your shoes in protest rather than donating them to people in need is the epitome of privilege.
The same people who planned the over Kaepernick and pressured owners to codifying penalizing peaceful protests also want you to believe theres no collusion over the blacklisting of Kaepernick and Eric Reid. They seem pretty vindictive to me.
Anyone wanting to send me some shoes size10 1/2. I will wash the racist redneck right out of them!
Nike seems to believe that only Colin and Nike have a right to protest.
Youre fully w/in your rights to boycott to support systemic racism. But if youre destroying perfectly good attire that could be donated to vets, your patriotism rings hollow.Signed,Someone whos given the actual shoes off her feet to a homeless woman
Anyone protesting the protesting of police brutality against pocs with , if you own lightly used womens Nike Tanjuns, size 7.5...dm me and I will dispose of them for you. Also, contact my uncle if you want to dispose of any Chicago Bears XL top apparel.
If paying a man to represent them after he peacefully protested the National Anthem = Shouldn't conspiring w/ a hostile foreign power to propagate stolen emails, leading to one's inauguration, or attacking war hero, John McCain & Gold Star families = Impeachment?
If paying a man to represent them after he peacefully protested the National Anthem = Shouldn't conspiring w/ a hostile foreign power to propagate stolen emails, leading to one's inauguration, or attacking war hero, John McCain & Gold Star families = Impeachment?
Nike Did this on purpose. They wanted this reaction from people purposely. Nothing to see Here Right? Do you believe in coincidences? Question Your government or live in tyranny.
Lol. Burning your Jordans will only make the other Jordans more valuable. is racist and even dumber than the last WP protest. Oh no! Racial equality is upon us! Lets burn our shoes! like I want to wear Nikes with a bunch of racists. Burn em. Just do it already!
Now we know who the bigots are. They think a black man should not be allowed to work ever for protesting injustice. not ever. Im going to buy everything Nike.
What has he sacrificed? We all know that if CK had not protested he would still have a job in the NFL. He is better that most backup QB.
Oh man , they don't let you breath, Tell people you need to eat and pay the bills too, Since NFL are not hiring you, for expressing your First amendment rights!!!
Yawl know NiKE already got yawl money right
If you're taking part in the , you aren't listening. Colin Kaepernick, and those who protest during the anthem, are NOT protesting the anthem itself. Quit being mad, and listen.
This is a YUGE win for Nike. So-o much earned media & loyalty from those who believe in basic freedom.
Lol its so funny Y'all cant even boycott right Y'all need to take a play from black folks handbook you know we bodied this boycott thing during the civil rights movement.
To the idiots posting videos and pictures burning merchandiseGuess what?Thats more exposure. More advertisement. And for FREE
might as well have been thought up by Nike's marketing department. There is nothing that makes you more cool right now than being hated by Donald Trump and his Ku Kux Klown supporters.
Objectors participating in the got the right idea but are protesting for the wrong reason
Unprecedented underway. Kaepernick supporters justify his right to boycott but when mainstream America says hold up not cool they are all being racist hillbillies.
- was born because of protest. Do you think would have given a shit over a ?
people on the right these days take everything so seriously and if it doesn't meet their personal definition of what it means to be American, they'll boycott it because they refuse to keep an open mind about things.
Look at all the white guys cutting the nike symbol/burning their shoes lmao bunch of cry babies, its ridiculous cause what they have a sponsor who protests the clearly out of control police brutality in this country? ill laugh when you make nike more money from it
Kneeling to bring awareness for the Injustice of minorities by the hands of those that are supposed to serve and protect us all in a country that stands for freedom of ALL is NOT wrong!
Cowards that is the word, I use for those who choose to burn Nike products over Colin; Colin keep your head up these are racist hateful people who never been beaten, arrested of shot at by police, who don't understand the message behind the ad.
Funny liberals protest everything especially Fox News host but now others including conservatives protest something and liberals call them crybabies .Hypocrites
Kap protested police brutality and racial injustice. Kap did not protest the anthem or the flag. You people making this up. He lost his career fighting for whats right.
When they talk about veterans do they mean standing during the anthem is protesting unnecessary wars that take human lives?
Imagine being so delusionally loyal to free market capitalism that you actually believe burning your own shoes that you already paid for with your hard earn cash will bring down a Global Corporate Empire like NIKE.
50 years of the voices of activist athletes & entertainers, from the 1967 Ali Summit in Cleveland to the 2017 solo sit-in protest by has led to a largely ignorant American audience misled by media into a over support has for Kap. Listening is key.
A lot of big mad folks. Yall will be alright. Its not the end of the world.
If you want to do the because they support the rights of black people to protest, that's fine. But don't destroy your clothing. Give it to someone who could really use it.
If paying a man to represent them after he peacefully protested the National Anthem = Shouldn't conspiring w/ a hostile foreign power to propagate stolen emails, leading to one's inauguration, or attacking war hero, John McCain & Gold Star families = Impeachment?
i dont really want to see any more NIKE cutting protests w/o this song playing the background
Just do it! Risk it all for justice should find a new career, right? I stand for reforming the lying G Michael Witte and so hurt me! You cant!!
Only a leftist could call a spolied brat millionaire who encourages hate, racism, oppression, and violence idolatry a protest against injustice.
US Constitution, the binding document service members sign up to protect, gives us the freedom to peacefully protest, and to speak freely. If you oppose kneeling to protest police murdering innocent black men, you simply dont understand freedom. Period
I never knew this level of hate, irrationality and miseducation existed in this world. Reacting impulsively to something without investigation and research. is protesting against injustices minorities face everyday within the legal system.
If you're burning your s, go ahead and burn a cross too. You are deliberately Choosing to view players' peaceful protest against racial in the worst light; in a way that is not its meaning.
It is your right to , but may I recommend doing it for reasons, such as low wages for workers, using chemicals that can harm workers, and allegedly abusing and taking advantage of child workers in sweatshops. Those are things we should all be mad about.
the fact that is trending right now, is all you need to know about the state of the union...
Only racist people are doing the . Im with Kap and i applaud Nike for standing up for whats right
People who think theyre protesting Nike by wearing Converse. But then they realize Nike owns Converse too
Repubicans: Football players shouldn't protest at work!Also Repubicans: Look st this guy protesting at work! What a patriot!
Theyre protesting against cops. Thats why Ill be participating in
Let me burn my Nikes (protest) that I paid for. To show I dont like people speaking up for what they believe in. Because its unAmerican to protest?Im sure Nike is missing my .0000000015% of their profit. Now, I need to buy more shoes and shorts. That makes sense.
Not buying new Nike things makes sense, if you dont agree with their latest choices, but burning your bought and paid-for Nike stuff is just asinine. They already have your money!
People think they are protesting by destroying their clothes or a pair of shoes, while some people can't afford clothes or shoes. Now if that doesn't scream privilege..
I'd like to see the Venn diagram for people who a.) used the term "libtard" and "snowflake" to describe people protesting Chick-Fil-A in 2012, and b.) are now now calling for .
Do yall remember when Trump supporters "boycotted" Starbucks... by buying starbucks products but saying their name is Trump? Yall are bad at protesting haha.
Instead of destroying your stuff, yall should give it away. I wear a size 6.5 in shoes and a small in clothes, me! Ill gladly help you protest and take your off your hands. I could use some new clothes and shoes!!!
A certain group used to burn crosses to back in the day to intimidate and protest & people who have the same beliefs are burning Nike products to do the same today. The only difference is one group wore white sheets and the other wears MAGA hats. Just saying
How racist Americans who cant understand that the protest is not about the flag or troops are going to look like with no Nikes on now...
Right Wing Haters see other people practicing First Amendment Rights that are protected under The Constitution
1. Nike doesn't care about human rights2. They are using Kaepernick to sell shoes, Nike only cares about money3. If they did care about people, not money, several things would change and this would not have been a statistic
Majority of the country (white people) made nike successful. Stupid choice siding with a race baiter.
White Supremacists will never win. Racial injustice must end. Discrimination based on religion and the clothes they wear must end. Stand up for rights
I refuse to give free promotion by wearing their products I know its a waste but is a scam artist Not to mention all of Nikes human rights violations including enslaving children WONT BUY NIKE AGAIN! I get they already have my money
Y'all have to be kidding me right now lol. It's funny and sad at the same time
Every person burning Nikes is a hypocrite! If you are REALLY patriotic & REALLY care about Veterans, stop burning your Nikes like an asshole and donate them to homeless Veterans. Patriots recognize the right for people to protest isnt patriotic
Shame on you Never again will I purchase anything from your company Very, very bad choice
First world problems. I don't like an action someone has the constitutional right to do. they are now the face for a company so I'll burn and destroy the products I own by that company. I have seen this many times before and these companies still rake in $$$$
The joy of America, people have the right to boycott whatever they want and people have the right to agree or disagree with it.
All These people Burning their Nike Stuff to protest...You are not hurting Nike by Burning USED pair of Shoes YOU paid for ages ago....Stupid
Majority of these conservative racist arsonists don't even know why they are burning their Nike gears or why protest
Instead of burning your shoes, donate them to the homeless. They get shoes and you get to protest.
Blanquitos are losing their minds right now.
When Kanye said SLAVERY was a choice  where was this type of energy to boycott Yeezys ?
I need new sneakers. It was going to be a really tough choice.But thanks to the - I just have to choose which Nikes I want.
Let's be honest, folks. For you, there are only two ways that (or any other person of color for that matter) can protest the "right way": shut up or be white.
If the roles were reversed, and black cops were beating on white individuals and a white football player did the same thing started you all would call that man a hero. This is simply your free way of displaying your racist nature...
Nike employees came in to work on a boat today because of the stream of white tears flowing from the  protesters. I bet any amount of money they wont donate their Nike products to one single vet.
and making Colin Kaepernicks protesting (against excessive force) something its not (disrespecting the troops) wouldnt be so silly if they actually helped vets and active service folk.
Nike, unlike the NFL will be seen as being on the right side of history.
There are 16-year-old girls less dramatic than right now on talking about the
The has me seriously concerned on peoples moral compasses. You will boycott for someone kneeling and excercising their right to protest and speech. But... no one bats an eye at sweatshops where 7 year olds were making those shoes. smh
Welcome to America! That land of the FREE where we FORCE you to stand and take the pledge!
1/1 Going to take a minute from talking food & travel to jump into this discussion. As a veteran, I am so exhausted of people using us as political scapegoats. I respect right to peacefully protest. As a veteran here are a few things I do find offensive:
Far right trump people havent the slightest crew on how to boycott affectively, its actually quite embarrassing.
The fact that people (racist tRump supporting lowlifes) want to have a over Nikes decision to make Kaepernick (a man who peacefully protested the mistreatment of people of color by police) the face of their anniversary campaign shows how much racism is alive & well.
The flag is not just a symbol of our country. Its also a symbol of our freedom. Freedom to protest injustice or anything else. You cannot embrace the flag without embracing EVERYTHING it stands for!
IF YOU GET ON THE WRONG SIDE OF TRUMP, YOU ARE ON THE RIGHT SIDE OF HISTORY.
If you think Nike didn't know what they were doing, you're just delusional. They put it out there and they don't care if you trump supporters buy their shoes or not. It's also a middle finger right in the face of trump. Love it.
and . has made a poor choice by selecting a second-tier ball player to represent its brand.
Are we boycotting Nikes because they use sweatshop labor? No? Oh. Fuck the alt-right and fuck their .
will these so call protesters be boycotting their favorite sports team who wear apparel? Will the boycott their favorite athlete wearing apparel? I think not! Nike still winning.
No, it won't be "worth it", . Just watch America stand up (not kneel) and massively protest with their wallets.
Never understood how protesting police brutality wassomehow called anti-American... is
Destroying clothing to participate in shows focussed consumerism & capitalism breeds entitled, insular, ignorant bigots. already has their . Why not protest by donating perfectly good apparel to charities instead of burning it?
You're right. took a nosedive to 2.35% at 815. I only reported they fell 2.25%.Thanks.
is about taking knee and desecrating US flag over criminal violent felons who think laws and arrest are voluntary for them.US Constitution says all equal under the law.They aren't White laws, they are US laws.
This. It kills me when people destroy something that can go to such good use for those in need. You want to get rid of your stuff in protest? Fine, but damn, someone could really benefit from it all.
Instead of honoring those who gave all, you choose to honor someone who (literally) stands for nothing. Poor choice.
I respect Nike choosing to take a knee with a man who is protesting against racism and police brutality. How can anyone be against that?
I think you know mine. If you are protesting this () then you are either racist or a moron. There is nothing in the man's history that shows a hatred for America. You're either using patriotism to hide your own hate or you're too stupid to figure it out.
Lmao at the , butt hurt racists are always mad when it ain't about them. I love my tennis shoes, wear em to protests.
I will use the money I saved by not paying for NFL Sunday Ticket (because they dont support the 1st Amendment) and buy myself some Nike gear....
Kaepernick has the right to say what he wants. has the right to condone his message has the right to make Colin their spokesmanI have the right to never watch the or purchase another product
"It's All About Freedom"
STILL Doing whats right! Pisses you off doesnt it? Not me
Racists are livid after finding out NIKE is not down with white supremacy after all. Burn baby burn,and yes this could happen with your alternative brand as well so choose wisely.
I support all the Americans who want to burn their Nike gear in protest of Kaepernick. My only request is that you put it on before you burn it. Solve 2 problems at once.
because I cant get behind this whole believe in something, even if it means sacrificing everything ...soldiers do that everyday, fighting for our freedom, flag=freedom, but Kaepernick kneels for the flag and makes millions. Makes sense.
People are right now burning their [expensive] clothes in outrage over the peaceful fight for Yet those whose rights are transgressed are the ones so often locked up and called "ill".
Good morning Tweeter! Is me, Melania. The Donald be so angry at the Nike for choose Colin as face for them campaign, that him join and burn all him Nike clothes in White House fireplace. But is no worry, him always be too fat to wear them anyway.
Racists are livid after finding out NIKE is not down with white supremacy after all. Burn baby burn,and yes this could happen with your alternative brand as well so choose wisely.
Nike needed some advertising this Hurricane Season as it's not as active this year...they lost their free advertising...
Sun-Times Media WireMonday, September 03, 2018 11:08PMCHICAGO -- Six people were killed and another 25 wounded, as of Monday evening, in shootings across Chicago this Labor Day weekend. Where is the protests. .
WHY would Anyone choose to walk around basically working for FREE, to promote a company worth $$, while receiving ZERO kickbacks themselves? I'll take Made In USA
you have another huge campaign you can run with now. People who are protesting and cutting off your symbol are STILL wearing the gear haha. Thats how good it is!
I could have sworn MAGA supporters shopped at Dick's for shoes, who knew they were so invested into ...oh wait, they aren't. They're just pmsing in orange right now, as usual.
Saw Trending and saw the ppl in support of it and laughed, looks about right, racist trash.
bout right!
The right really does not know how to boycott.., you are doing it right.
Live look in at right wingers trying to decide whether they support Nike taking up a social cause because corporations are people too and people have the right to free speech or to join the and expose their own racism and poor dress sense
The cries of being 'pro-freedom' from the alt-right mean less with each reason they give for a boycott. Boycotts made not to oppose injustice or violence but instead to punish dissent. Boycotts meant not to extend freedom but restrict it.
Why 'protest' against /?We CHALLENGE anyone to answer this question"How does / harm anyone?"=Racist IS A THING=?
Congratulations to Nike for doing what is right and standing beside athletes, the people and the principles this country was originally founded on and not wavering to these white conservative idiots and MAGAtards that wish to silence oppression.
Two years ago, a young man by the name of Colin Kaepernick started a silent protest of police brutality. It must have worked, because racists are coming out the closet with a quickness!Keep up the good fight ! You're winning. The folks are
So youre switching to Converse which is owned by Nike.Im just totally baffled right now
Probably the same way this is going to. WE stand with Kap and ...burn your gear, but if you were really a patriot you would donate it to homeless veterans who've done the job you overly entitled, unpatriotic bigots can't or won't...DEFEND THE CONSTITUTION!!!
On the bright side, at least a whole lotta people burning Nikes can save the money they wouldve had to spend on crosses
I've got so much Nike stuff - I can wear it proudly for weeks with no repeats. Very proudly!!! (If you are burning your Nike stuff, you should consider why you are protesting the wrong thing.)
Nike will now start giving away a Free pair of Pig Cop socks with every purchase...
was founded in Oregon & first major store in PDX. Protest is in our blood. Of course they picked to represent. Stand for what you believe in and risk everything for it.
To all the people burning their Nikes in protest, maybe you could just donate them to the needy. I on the other hand will wear mine proudly.
Something isn't right when the former leader of Iran is supporting you. is an over privileged cry baby who makes more $ in one year than most make in 50. The police aren't out there targeting random black people for no reason. Just watch LIVE PD.
I thought we had the right to say and do what we want(legally of course) under the freedom of speech amendment Colin does just that and gets chastised and penalized for it if that aint a perfect picture of how flawed our Democracy Is i dont know what is.
America is so fucking sensitive. What the hell yall boycotting Nike for? Doing the right thing? If anything ima start buying more Nike.
EXACTLY!!! Since their sooo concerned about Veterans and the Anthem. I mean its the only logical thing to do right Or are they just pretending they actually care, thats the REAL QUESTION
Dear , Almost every single day, I stand on a busy street corner asking "Why do democrats choose illegal aliens first when there are 3.6 Million poor black children?"I need a new photo because these NIKE shoes are against our police.
Or a women's shelter? Or a homeless shelter? Or to needy children? Oh, right, then you can't make your little video to "own the libs." Don't worry. We see your "priorities"...
are meaningless if we don't live up to the principles they representI'll take Liberty and Justice for All with no Flag over a Flag and Voter suppression, discrimination, rape culture and systemic injustice Principles > Symbols
who supports Colin Kaepernick please dont explain that he wasnt protesting the flag. Also please dont explain that he sat at first and he only kneeled because a military vet told him to. THEYRE USING THE FLAG TO RATIONALIZE BEING AGAINST HIS CAUSE!
Flynn has the same right to lie to the FBI that Manafort, Gates, and Donnie Jr. have.
who wants this is 1) Unpatriotic 2) Too stupid to understand complex issues3) self projects their own problems in others4) prolly a lil racistAnd5) incapable of understanding that protests are patriotic
so. colin kaepernick kneels in protest of racism and police brutality (both very real, present issues) and people decide to boycott nike over this? those who are boycotting are siding with these things, plain and simple.
if you think kneeling for the flag in protest of police brutality is unpatriotic but having a president who clearly asked a foreign government to hack his opponent, and disrespected a pow and hero is considered patriotic you don't understand the meaning of patriotic
So let me get this straight. Yall are destroying clothes you spent money on. To protest an ad that Nike did with a football player who protests police brutality and racism before his games??? Cause thats what Im gleaning here.
This is STOOPID, burning, throwing away, or cutting what you have wont change anything they still made their money, not only that but yall are literally being so ignorant cause you're PROTESTING A PROTEST, but who am I to talk, I dont know anything right?
Pushing for a is the mentality of a lemming. cause is right and much of our police have been trained by to be violent racist fascistsYou're enabling Trump to carry on the long US practice of weaponizing patriotism as a smokescreen
Now buying everything Nike and donating to . Thx to Nike for being on the right side of history in supporting Kaepernick and centering . Forget the , Im buying more!
"nikes forcing me to choose between my favorite shoes and my country."
Waking up to more of this . Sad to see that a nonviolent, peaceful protest over a REAL issue was hijacked and distorted by the POTUS into something fictional and ugly. I am glad to see there are still some folks out there who believe in equal protection under the law.
Umm you know they have your money already right? Burning your stuff wont hurt that bad.
LOL I GUESS HES DOING IT FOR FREE
Here's a thought....all the so called effort you'll make to not support Nike during your maybe you could try and understand the real reason for the kneeling. Since you'll have so much free time and all now. and see what happens.
picking up a paycheckNike getting free advertising The far left thinks its ‚Äòsocial justiceThe far right thinks its betrayal of ‚ÄòTheir ‚ÄòAmerican values.What a fake fucking world.Incredible, no wonder its about to be flipped on its head.
Finally a concerted effort to boycott Nike because it uses "sweatshop" child labor overseas. Right? I mean that's the reason for the boycott, right?
Freedom of speech is important, but we also have to live with the consequences of the things we say. Nike are facing a backlash. Personally, I'll be buying a pair of their trainers today.
Protesting as if America generates more sales than overseas. .
has got to be the most ridiculous thing trending right now on twitter. & they hypocrisy of them burning the Nike shirts when there are homeless veterans everywhere with no clothes on their backs shows how backwards these folks thinks!
protest is protest.. so power to ya... but just know that you'll have bare feet and be on the wrong side of history
is hilarious. These morons are giving Nike free advertising (Yay) and no one but a fool would destroy perfectly good clothing & sneakers. Oh by the way, I bought 2 pairs of Nike sneakers yesterday just because of
Before you leave a "why don't they protest in the off-season, or on their own time" comment, Google "Colin Kaepernick Charity" and you can see he's done alot even after leaving the NFL.
....I was always an Adidas fan, but after co-signing with Kanye's "slavery was a choice" it's Nike all the way! Standing ovation for courage!!
So people are destroying their nike products because of Kaepernick. Just when you think these people can't get any more stupid...THEY DO SOMETHING INSANELY STUPIDFYI: Nike and American patriots don't care about your anti-Kaepernick and anti-American protests
In 20 years when we look back on things happening today, we'll see them in a different light. Anthem kneeling, will be viewed as a social justice stand. NIKE endorsed Kapernick, because they want to be on the right side of history.
How are you boycotting and burning merchandise you already paid for that's not how boycotting works lol if you cared about America and Americans your first and only choice should have been to donate to your fellow Americans in need.
Ha! Protesting in favor of racism? Why are so many people like this?
's anti-First Amendment fascist followers are attempting a that's bound to fail--just like their Keurig boycott failed. And their Starbucks boycott. And their Target boycott.They give new meaning to the word "dotard!"
Ill just leave this right here.
I've been on this site for a while now, and a over a company's freedom of speech and expression (which these stupid boycotters love to preach about 24x7) is one of the dumbest things I've ever seen in my entire life.
Yall really hating Nike now because they are against racial injustice? If you privileged kids are so butt hurt about protesting the anthem why dont you donate your $100 pair of shoes to benefit veteran organizations instead of burning them
"People like you"? Typical... People like him probably fought for your right to say ignorant things like that.
Let me get this straight. People ALREADY purchased Nike products from an American company with goods NOT made in America, but overseas in sweatshops. Yet it's AFTER Nike hires a protester of police brutality that they choose to destroy & protest Nike?
It was interesting to see how the protests against Jackie Robinson and Muhammad Ali paid off.
"If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they don't want to hear." George Orwell
So a company KNOWN for its sweatshops is parading out a talentless hack that claims he's protesting for "equality"?
upsets me the most is that there are BLACK people supporting this. Kap protested for our sake, you dumbasses. I was moved by his show of humility. That served to spark MORE PROTESTS. We wouldn't have gotten half as much justice or respect if not for Kap.
Of course the participants of the think only to destroy their goods rather than donate to veterans groups. Thats because this has never been about PATRIOTISM for them, but about vilifying blacks for daring to peacefully protest against police brutality.
People who are joining in the are amusing to me. You spent HOW much on apparel, that youre going to throw away because Nike is backing the CORRECT side? The side that are decent human beings that know what Colin is protesting? Insane.
I wonder how many of you who are participating in the also agreed with and protested during ?
People who destroy their own things that they already paid for in protest are a special kind of stupid.
Ill just leave this right here.
The strategy on the right is to now try and find any person or group who sacrificed more than Kaepernick and try to use that instead of acknowledging that he sacrificed as well.
Dear americans who are boycotting nike: Yall do realize Nike is an international company right ? Just because certain people dont understand kaepernicks message and are going to boycott Nike doesnt mean its going to really affect Nikes money.
Hey LABTARTS at Nike, why didn't you use a REAL American heroes for your store?!? Scared of ARE FREEDOMS?!
Heres another person attempting to use Pat Tillmans death to justify a but, the same U.S. Gvmt Kaep is protesting covered up Tillmans death from the TOP levels of military and government. 
He hasnt sacrificed a damn thing. He got a big contract with loser Nike. He was a lousy quarterback and a lousy American. Yes, he has the right to protest but we have the right to protest his protest.
The people destroying their Nike products do realize their disregard is exactly the point, right? Yeah? over here watching, like
People are fickle, the wont last and theyll have just got a load of free publicity
I am deeply offended by this slogan & by their choice of this pampered, no talent, hater as the "face" of their campaign. Just do what? Destroy your own company?
Racists are livid after finding out NIKE is not down with white supremacy after all. Burn baby burn,and yes this could happen with your alternative brand as well so choose wisely.
Got Dayum people are dumb. This got folks goin full retard. Who cuts up clothes in protest, do yall think before yall actions or nah?
Our Veterans actually died for constitutional right to take the knee. It is about human equality, and our constitutional rights. Anything less is dishonoring our flag, veterans and our constitution.NO . We must stop racism.
Boycotters,this list is just Nike soccer endorsements. There's still hockey, rugby, cricket, tennis, athletics....u know, sports most of the world plays. U guys making another bad choice?
Y'all just,wow. I mean for reals, Nike already has your money, taking the knee is about injustice not the flag, they consulted a veteran on how to protest respectfully & not donating to a charity just makes you look small & petty.
It is about helping people & bettering our country right? I know a lot of homeless veterans who need those items you already paid for.
lol all these racists doing the cause a black dude was protesting peacefully - I've been doing the for years cause they have kids making their stuff in sweatshops
Ya'll aren't real bright, ...It looks like you would have learned by now not to mess with American patriots. Unlike most liberals out there, we actually have JOBS which ='s money to spend. How'd the left's pathetic attempt to boycott work out?
he was using his right to protest social injustice. its not that deep. just let him be and let nike be.
Geez. Kaepernick stood up for something he believed in and quitely protested. He did not kill anyone.¬† He did not not abuse anyone. He QUITELY protested ppl. Get a life.¬† Thank u Nike. I'll keep buying.
If I had some Nikes, you can bet I would be wearing them right now!
if you want to burn your apparel JUST DO ITIt's your right to protest. Same as is the right of black athletes to to protest police brutality because
I wear a size 10 in Nikes, my favorites are the Air Max Sequent 2s. But Im not picky when it comes to free shit. DM me for my address. Thanks!
Sheeeiiiit, go right on ahead and boycott nike, make my life easier on the snkrs app
But they won't get free advertisements or approval by wearing
Honestly the might be the most retarded protest of the year. Like, What someone I dont like is the head of the next ad campaign for a brand I like? Well time to burn anything I ever purchased from that brand. Like some of these people are like in there 40s.
if you are boycotting Nike because a man exercised his freedom of expression... you are a hypocrite..and racist.
I guess those who are mad at Nike and are protesting can burn their shoes at the next cross burning.
With the going on, Ill finally be able to find the Nikes i want, in my size. So yall go right ahead, leave them behind for the rest of us. Ill laugh all the way to the cash register.
On the Right side of history?!?! Hows that working out for ya?
has spoken loud and clear. We must also use our freedom of speech to Just Say No! supports
Its nice, though, that the right now has an N-word to be upset about.
Yall out here really cutting Nike logos off of your clothing and pretending you are still going to wear the same clothing despite the cuts....yeah right sis
- I do believe everyone has the right to protest as protected by the 1st Ammendment, - go down the rabbit hole and look at it all . This is a PR stunt because is smoking your products.
One word "Chicago" How many people got killed this weekend there? Protest that!
Haha people are seriously destroying their Nike-Gear, for which they already gave Nike money. I support a brand which supports the athlete who started a peaceful protest against police brutality and racism Oh and I needed some new kicks today, soooo... MAGA
Why don't you boycott your racist prez instead? Oh that's right, you're down with racism
The white supremacy faction of America is violently protesting fabric during their to counterprotest Nikes Support of a peaceful protest. This sums up why racism & bigotry is a primitive mentality.
There was a distinct swoosh sound when I put out the trash last night! I'm thinking time to look at the New Balance line made in the USA outside of Boston - lots of choices! via
To all of the white, middle class, people who are pounding social media with your hate, Colin K, Nike and their supporters thank you for showing just how right they are. -"It's better to have people think you're an idiot, than to open your mouth and remove all doubt.
Racist people are so stupid. Kap isnt protesting the America flag; hes protesting social injustice. I bet many of you think Rosa Parks was protesting buses when she staged her sit in. Get educated and stop burning your Nike shoes and donate it to people in need
Anyone seriously is just outing themselves as a racist. You don't want Nike to partner with someone who protests racial inequality. THAT MAKES YOU A RACIST.
yeah right . Y'all crazy af. I wonder what sport teams will do.....burn up all the gear? Well b4 u set a fire think about donations & all the needy.
No here! I needed some sweatbands, so I got ones, because I support freedom of speech. My father fought in WW2 so that could have his voice heard.
I will never because I love their shoes and I have no issue with the right protest ...but I did write a joke about once:"Their slogan is very inspiring... Unless you're about to jump."
is trending now. I need to go out and buy some gear. God bless freedom of speech and
Here's and idea for people burning their Nike clothes or cutting them up:Donate them to charities that help veterens. If you absolutely must boycott Nike then no one can stop you, but at least do something productive with your little protest.
The right seems to be perennially confused about boycotts. If they destroy their merchandise its not a . This will probably go the way of other such campaigns & Nike sales will increase. Thing to do is keep racial injustice front and center. Thats what its about.
the pocket of folks protesting nike arent doing anything out of character, theyre the descendants of the people who would burn crosses and deface black owned businesses so all they know is destroying shit when theyre unhappy
Stop using veterans as your justification for this . There are plenty of us who support his peacful right to protest, black, white & all other races.
Whats funny about the is that the campaign says Believe in something. Even it means sacrificing everything, protestors, do you think theyre going to give in with a message like that?
Look at all of the publicity youre giving ... Id say Kap was the right business move after all. Peoples outrage on this is fleeting, like how it is after a mass shooting. Your will accomplish nothing.
A white kid who can afford at least 5 pairs of extra(!) sneakers burned them on Labor Day to protest Nike, not because it relies on underpaid, foreign labor, but because it supports an African American's right to free speech.
Nike:Good morning Keurig how are you?Keurig: Im great Nike and you?Nike: just basking in the glow of all of this free marketing!Keurig: I hear ya buddy, worked wonders for us!Nike: one thing is for sure, well be on the right side of history!
If wants to protest he can:Refuse his pay orRefuse to play orDonate his pay
Thank you, , for seeing him, for acknowledging him, and for supporting him. I'm in the market for new shoes and you will have my business. Thank you for being on the right side of history.
If you are boycotting , then do it for the right reasons:- Left-leaning Microsoft and Nike both rely on prison labor camps to produce high-profit products -
You had a choice Nike to stay out of the political mess we're in vut you chose to take sides with the liberals and the kneeling class. I hate shopping so thanks for making my selections easier!
White people can speak freely and say its freedom of speech, but when black people do it its wrong. Im tired of living in fear in America as a black man, and dont you Trump supporters come on here telling me to leave this country.
Jesus Christ these are seriously the dumbest people on the planet. First, they don't see what the protest is about in the first place, then they destroy their own shit to pwn the libs. Well done, Trumpland.
What's wrong when someone stands for his rights? Please let us reason out well.
So, it seems racists who don't believe black people should have the same rights as they do are boycotting Nike because Nike are using Colin Kaepernick, a black man, to advertise the brand. Just shows their true colours, I guess.
I won't go as far as to burn my shoes, but I want to know that after I wear out my current shoes, I will NEVER buy another pair again. Looks like disrespectful wasn't the best choice?
consists of angry people destroying their already bought Nike shoes and merch, as a protest....so they can waste they own money? Yall know that boycott means to stop buying product right? Smh I cant stop laughing.
. ‚ÄòJust goes to show execs dont know their history. Our represents the freedom that we all enjoy today thanks to brave men, women & children who died in the name of independence!
Whoever is burning their gear all because a man practiced his constitutional rights to kneel,We need to give them a social studies lesson ! These dam fools!Don't they know the laws?
Idiots!!!! Let's go burn the Nike stuff I BOUGHT in protest. Lol Okay
The irony makes me sad.. destroying Nike products as a peaceful protest to the fact that Nike is promoting an athlete who peacefully protested something else. Even is ironic. Kneeling is pretty much boycotting the national anthem. I know.. def
You snowflakes burning abs destroying nike gear realize you already paid nike for your hear right? They got your money no matter what. The only ones youre hurting are yourselves for looking like idiots and the homeless vets you could have donated it to.
These people want they don't understand America its history about protesting in peaceful matter its like America apple pie.
: is voicing an opinion. Nike can hire to advertise their products and folks can choose not to buy it. Its not based on what you agree with.
You people have NO IDEA about what freedom or patriotism is. GREAT JOB NIKE
If anyone is participating in the please feel free to send me your Nike shoes and clothing, Ill get rid of it for you...
The is absurd. is a . I can think of nothing more American than to peacefully stand up, or take a knee, for your rights, anytime, anywhere, in any place.-
At least we are burning our own property in protest instead of burning and looting other people's property.
As expected, the childish reaction of Americas extreme right wing to s new ad campaign is hilarious, hypocritical and nonsensical all at the same time. They really are just so clueless. is so stupid.
I Challenge you today to wear NIKE to protest the and support Colin Kaepernick
The only disrespect I feel is when fucktards like this politicize my service. We may fight under the flag but we do it to defend the Constitution and most importantly for the men and women to our left and right.
ya fookin right!! I still dont understand this dumb fook crying about oppression after being adopted by white parents.
butt hurting white people every where. Seeing all the white people pissed off and burning their Nikes gear is really something to laugh at. Freedom speech baby, just like yall are free to vote for Donald Trump.
Thank you Nike, you did the right, brave thing....
If you're buying just to destroy it, are you REALLY doing the right? The right always seems to bungle a boycott big time.
I assume that the people burning shoes and boycotting Nike who say theyre not racist are also burning their copy of the US Constitution in protest of the 1A
Careful ur racism, the very thing Colin Kaepernick is actually protesting is showing...have fun burning things u paid for...keep acting like America is the only place Nike sell its products to
The fact that, there were sides to take, says a lot about our beautiful Free speech should never be hated
Yall are cutting up youre Nike stuff that you bought with your own money cuz of a new campaign? Wow 2018 has some of the worse protesters Ive ever seen in my life. Smh
It's funny how the left is criticizing people for protesting something....
Just do it. Just stand up and show some respect for the flag of this great nation. If you cant do it, then please feel free to get out.
I'm stocking up on Nike today. My dad, brother, and uncle - all former military - are right there with me. Boycotters should admit what this is truly about.
Let me get this straight?So an athlete protests police brutality & racism. Not a fake issue, a real & persistent problem.Major brand supports the athleteNow some call for ???So they are SIDING with RACISM and police brutality?I think your KKK robes are showing
The shows the right wing is totally fine with stifling free speech & deplatforming
Good for for taking a stand on the right side of history.. or should I say the left side of history.
How did this coon get a deal Im so upset Im going to go cut my socks and not wear Sox at all we will show them unintelligent folks how to really protest
gonna collapse. Look at this strong brutal protest!
The moral equivocation of :1. "We must protect the KKK's freedom of speech, people should be allowed to advocate for ethnic cleansing even if we don't, uh, fully agree"2. "This a**hole KNEELED"
If only yall were just as responsive to the unnecessary loss of human life. Just as fired up to unarmed citizens getting gunned down in the streets in this land of the FREE? Home of the BRAVE?
Look all the butt hurt over the and people destroying things they own. Nike choose someone that has never sacrificed anything at the least his own reputation as the group loves him. Its easy to be virtuous when the economy is doing well.
Ah yes, destroying your own damn property to own the Libs. Genius!! Funny how conservatives LOVE rights until it's a black man silently kneeling. They think is a real patriot without respecting the VETS that fought for rights to free speech.
As happy as I am to see making money, and as much as I support the protests, the commercialization of protest feels wrong. Not only has made this about their brand () rather than racial oppression, but equating resistance with consumption....
Anyone that is taking part in should do the right thing and donate to the less fortunate rather than destroying your nike items.
protest during job= fired. Sacrifice everything? Withcushion! Believe in something on his own time. Same face, same fame. Not during the recognition of a flag that represents those who DID give ultimate sacrifice for his freedom to do this.
Why don't you morons burning shoes behind your trailers just put on your white hoods for your profile pics? Y'all are pissed off at protesting police brutality? Next time Deputy Dawg bumps your head gettin in the cruiser, I'll be sure to toast my flipflops for you.
you are at the right side of History your profit will increase. Smart statement Nike. Don't worry about a few MAGATS who burn shoes, they used to burn crosses.
white ppl suck at protesting..youre just destroying products that youve already paid for.
Okay... so PEACEFULLY protests his rights as a human being & gets fired. Then supports him... Now idiots are burning and destroying THEIR property? The world is crazy.
That's a form of protest I can get behind.
White people smh. You all are something else. The child labor and sweatshops werent a deal breaker but a peaceful protest, thats just crossing the line Lol.
If you do not support Kap (which is your right) just know that we know: You would not have supported Ali. You would not have supported MLK. You would not have supported Rosa Parks. Thats all we need to know about u.
Trump raises flag day after John's passing.(Disrespectful to Vets)Players take knee to protest Police brutality.(Respected by most Vets)
While you destroy the socks you paid for, remember that people are protesting because actual fucking lives have been and are being destroyed by hatred and racism
Because this isn't really about the Anthem or the military (it's race), and because conservatives don't really support protecting speech or peaceful protests they don't agree with, so of course they're going on a
Some small choices define who you are, because they prove who youd be when it really counts. This choice could not be more clear
sad to see that the people who are joining the STILL don't understand that Kap took a knee not to disresect veterans and the country, but to peacefully protest the injustices and the wrongful deaths of many POC that were caused by the police but continue...
Good thing I'm wearing Reebok right now. I wouldn't want anyone to think I wasn't a Patriotic American.
The conservatives participating in the are the same type that were fine with black people serving and dying for this country but without the right to vote.
Its the American way to hush anyone or discredit anyone whom is you knowbecause why shouldthey feel equal to us we let them have enough just entertain me your not aloud to have equal rights since your getting a lot of money and tell me how you feel unless you
I get on Twitter to see what this is all about so in the trending section of Twitter they are talking about people are destroying anything that they own all in protest of people standing for something instead of bullsh*t
Also, could you guys stop trying to remind these people that the protest had nothing to do with the flag, the military or the anthem? They know that as much as any of us, its just another veil for their racism.
You all dont realize that Kappernick was PAID by to protest in the first place. That means its all BS and a publicity stunt- but go ahead and drink the coolaid.
Im definitely stocking up on gear. No & are on the right side of history!
A far better choice for s misguided campaign would have been , a true who sacrificed his NFL career and his life for the greater good and always stood for the .
White Supremest and White racist people are trying to yell free speech to cover up racist acts ... since they cant hose you down or spit in someones face they tear a brand down because of a Brave Voice will not prevail
you guys do understand, the 1st AMENDMENT explains your RIGHT to be able to PEACEFULLY PROTEST. and when protesting the national anthem its RESPECTFUL to kneel during it. everybody's talking but no one's listening to each other. smh.
Cap literally was just protesting against police brutality and yall are really taking it this far? Class-A DUMBASSES. America is so damn racist.
Dear word choices were made.Believe in something - Absolutely. Sacrifice everything- Offensive.
Im going to buy Nike products in backing up and his charities and his peaceful protest.
? Is On The Right Side Of History!
America is a joke Busy imploding right before our eyes. Have you guys read the tweets on the Dumbass & Arrogant as per yoosh.
you have a right to boycott. we have a right to protest. but if you boycott a company who supports someone protesting some of the prevelant issues in this country today then your true colors will show.
since has me on tell him thanks for being on the right side of the issue or at least admitting this will only raise the bottom line
When you get mad at for protesting but then you protest because supports that player protest and signs him to a deal.
Wait- there are *still* people who think Colin Kapernick is protesting the flag?
reminds me of when the cons were protesting Keurig by destroying their coffee machines! :-)
shouldn't be trending. Colin has the absolute right to protest BECAUSE he is an American. The president in not the country, if someone doesn't support Trump they have the right to do so under the 2nd amendment.
"Somebody should ask the kneeling black NFL players why they are protesting this kind of killing in the Windy City and ignoring other sources of black death."- Walter E. Williams Columnist >
So you dont like their freedom of speech?
Right are snowflakes
If you're protesting after spending $$$$$ on their products. You're most likely a
Inject the irony of purchasing items only to burn them out of misguided protest straight into my veins
News flash. People who are competitive athletes or interested in max performance are not going to forgo the best product on the market to appease the ego of somehow who does not get the distinction between disrespecting the military + protesting racial injustice
It seems to me the people bashing anyone participating in the are the same people calling for an InandOut boycott. was right when he said America is soft. People need to stop getting so upset so easily
Fuck them ,, I am sitting in my parking lot waiting to work. I have freedom. I am breathing fresh air, people in Beijing who breathe black shit. They cane woman on other countys for not obeying their husband. We are Americans, we are the home of the brave, FU Nike
Alternative facts right
30 years ago I wanted white Nikes with a blue swoosh because they were the coolest shoes of the times. Now I plan on buying a pair because they are on the side of right for the times we are in. Way to go Nike.
joins Dicks Sports. had to decide there were more Un-Americans than Americans.Or at least All the UN-Americans would choose them.
Right? It's scary that half or more millenials r behind that kneeling loser. And the dumb NFL. isn't exactly, uh, well spoken, either.What will the world come to when these tartlettes are actually running shit in the US? Yikes!
They're destroying things they've already paid $100+ dollars for, that Nike have already banked, because they don't want people to peacefully protest...while they conveniently forget that they themselves are holding a protest.
To all my brethren of The Stars And Bars, we must stand up now to the powers that be.. we must take our country BACK! No longer will we be forced to choose football or shoe brand over OUR country. Dont let them take this country from us!!
Wake up everyone. is the same as boycotting those who has manipulated his base into believing it's a protest against the flag or national anthem when no one believed that before Trump decided to lie & turn it into that.
will bigoted racists learn that by making a big deal out of this they are:1. Identifying themselves to the world as racist. The rest of us thank you. Now we can easily identify you.2. Bring more attention to the cause they want to protest. Thanks, again.
I am a very angry Nike fan right now!
first day back at work after the long weekend got ya down? no problem! just hop right on over to and start reading, the laughs never stop.
... Nike took a stance and wants to be on the right side of History... Colin Kaepernick sacrifice everything he's the modern-day Muhammad Ali years from now everyone will look back and be proud of the stance that he took.
kudos. Expect a dis tweet today from the Robo-Tweeter-in-Chief. Look at it this way, IF YOU ARE ON THE WRONG SIDE OF YOU ARE ON THE RIGHT SIDE OF HISTORY.
Congratulations ! Marketing brilliance! Sign the guy that started the protests that "DECREASED" by 10% last season, with further expected decline this season. No more $ to you
Going to believe in supporting our country, respecting our military who are sacrificing everything!! Taking a knee during our anthem and applauding it, shows zero character, regardless of your protest.
If the Americans who are spending all their time flapping over the national anthem were more concerned with real issues, there might be a hell of a lot less reason for protest in the first place. Just an idea.
You fascist tweetiots upset at Nike for supporting a blacklisted superbowl QB for quietly protesting police brutality by burning your clothing... either leave them on like this "patriotic" genius or take a pic donating them to your local homeless shelter. Just do it.
I dont agree with choice for the face of their campaign. Such a controversial issue. Best not get involved. I wont be buying Nike 4 the simple fact their products are sub par. Have been going downhill for many years. Now definitely no reason to try again
Genuis, was that called 4boycott of in/out burgers bc owner supported Republican (hence Dems supporting fascism). by clear thinking Americans against denigration of our culture heritage & then our Constitution
less shoe to choose from.
Id argue sworn in officers killing innocent people is far more disrespectful to this country than someone exercising their right to free speech?
Yeah, Trumpsters called a boycott on Dicks Sporting Goods too. Dicks sales are up!! Alt-right boycotts are good for business. Purchase your Nike gear from will have increased sales, & be on the right side of history.
I hope he wasnt on the job when he protested Nike! He should be protesting Nike on his own time!
Kaepernick is protesting police brutality and inequality against African Americans when he kneels. I wonder of these fools burning their Nikes know what they are protesting? I'm sure it ain't about Chinese labor.
Its almost if theres no right answer, I like many others just want the controversy and debate to stop. Youve made yourself heard.. just please stand up so this can stop.
. . I will never purchase another Nike product again. You have a right to support this man who started disrespecting the National Anthem and I have the right to tell you that you have picked the wrong battle to support.
Simple: If youre indifferent, youre complicit. You have to take a stand against injustice, collusion or whatever else you wanna call it. Nike will be on the right side of history. In order for things to get done, sometimes you have to do things that r uncomfortable
We have every right to speak politically with our wallets. However, destroying perfectly good shoes you already spent money on seems rather selfish. Donate them to someone who could use them. There are far too many homeless in this country who need your support.
for a group that advocates free speech and anti -sjw. republicans sure do whine a lot.
The knowledge that kids in third world countries make Nike shoes has never effected their bottom line yet somehow the alt-right loons with their self-serving idea of patriotism & their is going to bring Nike down. LOL Keep chugging you crazy little engines that could
we can out smart alt right. to mexico huge tariffs. really huge
. Yall would rather burn your clothes than support someone who protests injustice and police brutality.Cant wait for textbooks in 50 years showing burnt Nikes cause folks was against the guy who protested inequality. Youre on the wrong side of history
These racist tell us people who support the confederate flag have a right to free speech. Yet a black man peacefully protesting doesnt. One went to war with America, the other is standing up for Americans peacefully. Dont be on the wrong side of history.
At least we're burning our own property in protest rather than burning down our neighborhoods and other people's property.
If you have to choose between your shoes and country it might be time to open a book. No doubt is shedding tears over you destroying your own property.
Russian bots and White supremacist racists under the guise of "alt right" are trying to rip US apart! How long before Trump retweets and publicly says something? Bet he's suckered by end of day today!
Boycotting a whole company for their opinion isnt always necessary. In the end of the day, theyre not protesting our flag and national anthem. Sure the National anthem at a football game isnt the time and place, they can use their platform elsewhere.
They have freedom of speech. that's cool. but we have freedom to spend our money the way we want to. So for us "yanks" being nuts. No its freedom, maybe your country could use more of that (FREEDOM). lol
So y'all do realize that this is only ENCOURAGING people to buy Nike.. Right?
Pathetic Americans boycotting Nike over an advert. The world is laughing at you and your pettiness over a legitimate protest.
You cant say we have freedom of speech, but then turn around and say we shouldnt do it at their time or this place. Such a contradiction
I don't know why right-wingers are getting triggered over Nike. I also don't care.
conservatives have an odd way of protesting companies by destroying items that theyve already paid for...
's new slogan is not just about CK, it's about the company. 's Board put their personal beliefs above shareholder interests. CK may be free to "sacrifice everything" but a company holding 401k investments is not. , ,
Just a quick reminder to who is going to a POTUS that cuts funds for the VA and insults a war hero (among others) is less respectful to the military than an NFL player protesting police brutality, which for the record is a fucking fact. Just saying.
Its the way he protested you illogical moron. Why would anyone demean the US flag, military personnel and every veteran who fought for your dumbass to be free enough to Tweet your idiocy?
Looks at ...All the tweets that come up are from Leftists calling it stupid and none of the tweets are supporting it. The fake outrage is just a Nike ad campaign and these morons are just free commercials for Nike.
For those saying its about disrespecting the vets and blah blah blah, how many of those vets have you helped or how many of those vets has America helped??? His protest isnt about the vets or the flag.
Hey instead of destroying or boycotting Nike how about just donate your nike gear/shoes to those in need like poor children and the homeless.....Oh right....yall dont care about them
Nike customer for 40 yrs until today. I believe everyone has a voice and should be free to use it but to disrespect our flag when so many died to protect it is wrong. To add politics to their advertisements and push their views is unprofessional.
A ? Hells no! Time 2 go shopping 4 a new pair of Nike's! Nike represents America & the free speech this country stands 4. It's not about the American Flag. It's about respecting & appreciating ALL Americans & having the strength 2 stand up 4 something U believe in.
Believe in something and protest ...
Enter for Free to Win a $100 Amazon Gift Card and L Arginine 1200mg Nitric Oxide Supplement via
we boycotting nike? can i get a free pair of nike shoes?
People are too stupid to realize that when they type they are giving Nike free advertisement. Not only is it dumb to boycott Nike, this kind of idiotic Tweeting helped Trump get in the oval office. People never learn from their mistakes.
to RVD Freestyle by on
Nike right now:
Don't let this and nonsense distract u from the real issues... is not the best choice
Politics is ugly and divisive; especially right now. Throwing your brand behind the worst kind of SJW nonsense is fucking insane. Why any company would unnecessarily do something that could potentially lose them a lot of customers is beyond me.
All these suspected white supremacists who are doing this are fully aware that Kaepernick (and other players) are not "protesting against the flag". They create these types of deflective, false narratives on purpose to avoid the topic of systematic white supremacy
Since when peacefully protesting police brutality is a flag related issue? Since when a flag is more important than human lives? FYI you've ready paid for those nikies! The only person loosing here by burning them is you!!!
Americans... spare us. You all know very well that Kap wasn't protesting the American flag Just come out as a racist and use that as your hashtag.
Funny how they didn't boycott or protest against Trump whenever he disrespects veterans, or the disabled, or women.
This is just an excuse to cover up the true meaning of the protest. It was never about the troops or the anthem, it was about police brutality and racial injustice.
NEWS FLASH: Our military does not fight for a piece of cloth or a song. They fight for our freedoms.
To all you out there protesting : Ill be proudly sporting these today.
i havent purchased sneakers in years. dont like to wear them. i will be buying a new pair of nike sneakers soon just because they are trying to be on the right side of history.
If something isn't right and you don't speak up about it, 1. You condone it 2. At some point, you'll become a victim of it
Some Americans have their priorities mixed up. Boycott Nike because they support an athlete exercising his Freedom of Speech. On a side note, dont burn or toss womens size 6.5 or 4.5 in kids. Either size will fit me!
All these people burning Nike shoes for a ...your 1st Amendment rights allow you to desecrate your personal property, and Nike already got your money. Are you also aware that most US shoe companies are HQed in progressive states? Donate them, if you hate em so much.
The Nike Corporation should have been boycotted many moons ago when they moved their manufacturing operations over seas, as for protesting during the national anthem this is nothing new its called grandstanding
NIKE | anti-American. Made in ChinaNew Balance | Made in the United StatesThe choice is simple. Boycott with your dollars patriots!
Good morning! I spent the whole night watching the protest & adding up the amount of money Nike lost. The amount? $0 fools! You already paid them!
people on here acting like everybody is burning their nikes. Im just going to buy adidas and forget about nike. Personal choice.
This protest is super racist is a great role model for the black community....in if your mad I said this is racist then tell me why its only white people destroying there Nikes
I actually need a new pair of workout shoes. The choices are dizzying. The helps me narrow the decision down to Nike Air Max Trainer.
seems ridiculous to me. has a right to protest, and to free speech. Whether you agree or not. We seem to treat criminals better.....
I've never been happier that the football kit is made by than I am right now. Stand against the racism and ignorance of .
I've been boycotting Nike since the 90s because of their abuse of foreign labor. Civil rights? How about human rights?
how are people rich and ignorant enough to burn half their wardrobe because of an ad featuring someone peacefully protesting police brutality?
THIS RIGHT HERE....
This thing just proves how toxic american patriotism is and the consequences of not adhering to it in a "free country". What is funnier is that people literally just bought nike products to "support" this multibiollionaire + multionational company in this "hardship"
So racist, morons are boycotting Nike. Guess I'll go get me some new shoes. Yall choose the dumbest things to boycott
So the reason for the PEACEFUL protest is plain as day and clearly explained but the racists are HEATED
If y'all are so critical about protests, whu are y'all protesting in a way that is actually doing more harm to society than Kap ever did? He donated money, y'all burn clothes that could go to the poor.But sure, we're the horrible people.
I see the conservative, right-wing, snowflakes are triggered and need a safe space away from Colin and Nike
if youre all about equality, why not bring your apparel to the US instead of the sweatshops overseas? Your protest is bullshit.
is so stupid. has the right to protest peaceful, by not standing during the national anthems. Its his first amendment right. Just like its yall right to vote for that orange piece of shit in the White House. So grown the fuck up trump supporters.
Left Protests: hundreds of thousands show up to march, stocks fall, people are blocked from using twitter, "news reporters" loose sponsors & their show is cancelledRight Protest: destroy products they've already bought and gave money to the thing they're protesting
all of these people saying they wont support Nike because they are going against what the flag stands for .. the flag stands for the freedom to stand or kneel. Get the fuck over yourselves!
The NFL protests dishonor the men and women who fought and died for our right to protest These people dont know what the fuck theyre talking about
You should know full well that white supremacy isnt a thing. Membership in that club is way down. And disrespecting the flag is a poor way to show you dont like police. How about protesting on the sidewalk outside a police station which harbors a criminal cop?
Perusing is pathetically amusing right now. And yet very sad --- though I bet if Nike sold white robes, the 'protesters' would be buying those to wear while burning their Nike shoes, film at 11.
The knowledge that kids in 3rd world countries make Nike shoes has never effected their bottom line yet somehow the alt-right loons with their self-serving idea of patriotism & their is going to bring Nike down. LOL Keep chugging you crazy little engines that could
Stop getting your sports from the truth will set u free
What would motivate to deliberately alienate well over half of Americans? And right before Christmas! Do they hate America? Do they agree with Kaepernick that cops are pigs? Hate profits? Or just STUPID?!
the boycott failures of the right keep growing :
Then why not protest police stations instead of the flag? Do you even know how to protest correctly?
So some guy uses his freedom of choice as a citizen of the land of the free to try make a point but is a traitor because by using his freedom of choice he has disrespected the men and women that fought and died for his right to freedom!? makes sense.
Nike needs to thank all these bozos publicly destroying their stuff for the free advertising
I had a feeling that when I got on twitter people would be doing something stupid. I was right.
If you want to stick it to by boycotting their products, go ahead. But instead of trashing your stuff, there are shelters for battered women & children, the homeless and those in foster care who dont have the luxury of a choice.
Protests at work is so Marxist; can't fathom why capitalist like Nike supports it
Bravo! Nike did the right thing and I will always purchase as well as support
Yo do realize the stock market dont open until 9:30 right? The day is coming and were getting the F out of here.
Let me get this straight: NO ONE cares about getting caught using sweatshops over & over again, but as soon as they do something good & support an athlete whos protesting systematic racism & police brutality against blacks, yall boycott them? What a joke!
. Seriously???? You choose and promote CK to represent you and your corporate values? Outrageous!! No more Nike for us !!!
How about instead of burning your Nikes you donate them to a homeless veteran in your area.. cuz thats what this is all about right ?
If you are boycotting or destroying Nike gear bc you disagree with this decision then you are silently protesting just like the NFL ballers...welcome to hypocrite status....
$200 sneakers? Do the Stalinists that support this loser Kaepernick know they're supporting Capitalism, too? That's some amazing SOCIAL JUSTICE right there!
Your 100% Right Trump Girl
Trump raised the flag from half-mast against veteran McCain, he supported poisoner Putin over his own country before the world, yet Dumb Donald speaks of patriotism Players are honoring the values of the flag by protesting injustice.
Trump base are probably burning fake Nikes, right now... and they don't even know it... Nike directors patting each other on the back by simultaneously getting rid of fake product and disassociating the brand with hillbillies, LOL!.....
Yes lets boycott a company that supports an athlete's right to express himself.
WHITE SUPREMACISTS KNOW DAM WELL COLLIN KAEPERNICK IS NOT PROTESTING AGAINST AMERICA OR THE SOLDIERS WHO FOUGHT FOR US. THEY'RE AVOIDING INJUSTICE IN THIS CORRUPT SYSTEM WE'RE LIVING IN
I find it hilarious that these pathetic people deciding to boycott Nike actually think it will have any effect. The point all along has been protesting against police brutality not the military. I greatly admire and he has my full support.
Hey y'all.... Everyone burning their 's cuz Collin Kapernick is the new face.... You do you, but for those of y'all who where an 11 feel free to send them to ya boi, IDGAF if they drop the Putin 1's or the Air Force Un's ...I'm still with the swoosh ride or die
This is stupid. The right should not stoop that. There needs to be a grown up in all these nonsensical feuds. Someone's gatta be tbe better man.
The irony in this is its freedom of expression...if only Colin Kapernick used his right to peacefully protest too. Oh wait.......
? SOLDIERS SPEAK OUT ON KAEPERNICK: His protest 'makes him more American than anyone' via
If you are participating in the , that is your right. If you take it to the level of getting rid of all of your Nike stuff, please donate it to veterans. They fought to give you & me & all NFL players the right to protest, and they are not getting what they need.
Nike gets a score of 36/100 in the 2017 Fashion Transparency Index and has recently turned its back on commitments to Worker Rights
Dear Nike protestors, dont destroy, donate. I wear a size 9.
So, there's a as a response to the company's support of and the righteous beliefs of an athlete protesting injustice. Seriously? What a bunch of morons.
loves this thing. It gives them tons of show. Theyre getting what they paid for. I dont like because I think hes a prick. Forget the protest.
to the people who burning stuff you already paid for dont understand how a boycott work read about the it may give you a clue. If you gone at least do it right
Um, thats not at all what is doing. He is using his platform to draw attention to the persistent killing of innocent African-American citizens of your country. But since you asked your question... Kudos to for being on the right side of history!
I feel like the people boycotting Nike don't realize that Nike is one of the biggest companies internationally, sponsors hundreds of different teams and sports all over the world. But, Starbucks worked out well right? Anything to own the libs.
Since when do right wingers wear Nikes? Find me a Trump supporter wearing Jordan's and I'll find you the ounce of shit they should give about people who don't wear their products pretending to boycott their products for attention.
I don't think the right understand how a protest works. Destroying the nikes you already own isn't going to hurt their feelings, they've already got your money. Now you're just a bigot with no trainers.
right now (yeah right)
Oh dear! It looks like far-right snowflakes have started a campaign because of . Well, guess what, snowflakes! I'm buying my by the ton, son!
I hate to make generalizations but w/this isn't this like the 400th thing that conservative right-wingers have boycotted? Starbucks, Netflix, Nordstrom, Keurig, Pepsi, Budweiser, etc. It's like anytime someone disagrees w/them it's BOYCOTT!! Chill out folks!
Public servants take an oath to the federal constitution & to their state constitution. It's an oath honor and uphold the constitution.This is where their authority is derived from. This same document protects our rights to peaceful protest.
Listening to and others complaining about the . Claiming all involved are racist. Do they understand they are supporting sweatshops? Kind of takes the meaning out of bending a knee right? Sell Nike stock while you can.
I am yet to see a hashtag to boycott the Pope and his church. So many reported sexual abuses and nothing is done. And here we have people who want boycott Nike because they used someone who stood up for what is right. A sick world we live in.
Right-wing morons are always quick to say that the left are snowflakes etc, but as soon as bring Kaepernick into the fold they start burning their Nike shit. What pathetic & sad people. Have fun destroying stuff you paid money for ya fannies
true to bizarro American form, you can use slave and child labor for decades and nobody gives a fuck, but come out in support of a black man standing up for his rights and it's like
people: "Yes, let's show Nike that we are burning our shoes after we paid for them in protest. That'll show Nike! High Five everyone!" They already have your money you idiots. They aren't losing any sleep over that. So yeah, go ahead and burn money you wasted.
Tharaka Nithi shoe-shine father and schoolgoing son set shop on road to protest demolition of kiosk.... NHIF Sossion DP Ruto Mombasa Kajiado Uhuru
I love this . A section of the population loses their minds because the cannot distinguish between when they protest and when others protest. So obviously those who are distorting their Nike gear hate American workmanship and American workers.
is a $34,000,000,000/yearly international company. Those who choose not to support going forward, won't miss your money. Supporters of are buying EXTRA pairs just because.
Dipshits burning their stuff because they can't rally behind free speech, nor can they comprehend a simple act of protest against police brutality? Classic 'murica
ok allow me to see how it works that (MAGA ) crapp star by attacking the nfl the only american game leftthen turn around and attack Harley Davidson one of the most American brandthen turn around and attack Google no to mention the free press plus our most
Isnt just naive using the same principle of to express peaceful protest. You got right to protest decision by burning or cutting your old Nike fashion, I am keeping mine intact.
, because seeing the humanity in those fighting for a right to live is just too much to ask of some people. Side note from history: the bigots always lose in the end.
NOT ME. I'VE BOYCOTTED SINCE THE ONLY GOLD WILL DO CAMPAIGN. WILL NOW BUY NIKE FOR SUPPORTING PROTEST AGAINST INJUSTICE AND THEIR ANTI WHITE SUMEMACIST FASCIST STAND.
Whenever Dave Rubin says the left is hostile to free speech, I want you to click on one of his Twitter subscribers' accounts and search "Colin Kaepernick", then send him the first 5 that show up.
Instead of burning your Nikes or throwing them away.... donate them to a homeless shelter or kids in need. Those folks dont care about your politics or protest!
It is sad to me that the right is as reactionary as the left, calling for a boycott for an ad. That is as bad as the chik-fil-a boycott. Those people can no longer complain when the left starts silly boycotts.
I have 3 pairs of shoes. I think today is a perfect day to purchase a 4th pair!! This , which I am guessing those supporting, don't even own any shoes, is kind of silly. Why stand up for - right?
... man who set sneakers on fire while wearing them in protest to ads, later tweeted this photo from the hospital. Glad its not worse.
What conservatives are really protesting is their inability to control people.
The Mike Church Show is LIVE and you can join the FREE chatroom now.
You know what this says to me? Yall threw a fit over protesting police violence so dropped him. Now a company cant make their own statement? Yall are racist.
I think you are confusing sacrifice with self righteous. hasn't sacrificed anything, these people have.
Yes and props to that. What I find particularly hilarious is idiots throwing out all their Nike apparel because they are seriously butt hurt over his protest.
I just watched a video of sum dude burning up all his Nike shoes in protest to not give Nike any of his money Dude sorry to break it to you but you already bought the stuff
You DID IT alright. Competition will laugh all the way to the bank.
Everyone saying they'll boycott Nike for supporting kaep really amuses me, like Nike didn't have the foresight to see it, seeing as how ppl haven't exactly respected kaep's peaceful protest in the first place. It's not about the money.
I dont agree with everything he is doing but I do agree with his right to do it . Just remember folks, when you stop people from displaying protests you dont agree with, yours will stop as well....
I challenge people to go into a Nike store this week and take a picture to see if people are really boycotting.....Jace, Cody, Zach and Tanner are still going to buy Jordans. They will be right in line DeMarcus and Jr
Hey guys, remember when some of these patriots mocked the Turks for smashing their very expensive iPhones to protest Trumps tariffs? My, how the tables have turned!
5. Besides, as I'm sure numerous veterans would agree, they didn't serve and fight just so Americans could have *fewer* freedoms at home. There. Rant over.
Srsly and burning stuff? I don't see RIGHT. I see dumb people.
Kaepernick (and other players) are not "protesting against the flag".
we dont protest with violence but with our wallets. Hitem were it really hurts. Right in the
So protesting what USA flag/anthem represent on the job is a heroic expression of opinion & a 1st Amendment right. But destroying property you paid for on your own time to express disagreement of a ad makes you a stupid racist who supports police brutality
4. If you'd like your boycott to be about something meaningful, make it about Nike's questionable commitment to worker rights over the years. Instead of this hogwash about who is or isn't patriotic (and dissenting is).
Instead of destroying your products to protest Colin Kaepernick how about donating them to charity? There are people who can't afford shoes.
Since when did the American flag ONLY stand for the troops? I thought it stood for a multitude of ideals. Peaceful protest is an American thing, shooting innocent unarmed civilians is wrong.
Everyones got their panties in a bunch over Serena & Kapernick... Its 2018, if you aint living your most authentic life what are you doing? Yall mad bc a multi billion dollar company is standing up for whats right? For once? Get over it!
The people are fucking stupid. You don't boycott a product by buying it and burning it later. You boycott something by not buying it at all. How do you boycott something if you give them money? If you are going to boycott something, at least do it right.
Dont have an issue with Colin Kap protesting just have an issue with where and how he protested. To many people lost their lives for him to be able to protest and the National Anthem is not the place...guess ill become an adidas guy
This is when you realise it's only free when the white man says so.
The child of two military vets. Vets that fought to protect our right to protest. My dad always taught me that his job was to protect the CONSTITUTION, not a flag or song. Ill keep running in my Nikes thank you very much. No for me.
Attention All MAGA Russians:Please donate all of your shoes to homeless veterans. You can find them laying on the streets or under the bridge of any metropolitan. After all, your outrage is about the vets, right?
Im assuming, since so many people are slamming for the ad, that Goodwill and Salvation Army will soon be flooded with nice Nike gear, right? Youre not all just burning your stuff like wasteful jerks, right? RIGHT?
Yo shit guys feels free to send me ur Nike shit
RT : It seems a few people believe that freedom of speech of idiots has merit, it doesnt. Company stuck on stupid that want to destory their company because their idiots
3. Though this probably falls on deaf ears at this point, Colin Kaepernick consulted with Nate Boyer, a veteran, about how to respectfully protest. At any rate, it's about the mistreatment of blacks in this country, not about disrespect for the flag or veterans.
Three growing boys at home- accepting all protest gear
Its more comical watching socialist bums ask for more free stuff during a protest I guess since there arent any riots for them to steal more stuff. is truly a fool that makes memes better.
The hypocrisy of Trump tools boycotting Nike and destroying their products in protest of is unspeakably obvious it F$%ing HURTS!
Anyone wanting to destroy their jerseys, please feel free to send them to me instead! Ill take care of them for you!
Would you like to wager on sales not being hurt by this ad campaign? Just like ticket sales at NFL games were hurt by Kapernick style protests so will Nike sales. Also you should get up off your knees...that white guilt weighing you down.
If you are a part of let me know Im always open for free Nike!
"Donald Trump changed the narrative of NFL player protests by lying about their motives, positioning them as traitors, and counting on his white base to lap up the toxic snake oilwhich they were happy to do."
At least I can rest easy at night knowing I dont take political protest advice from the dude who sings Save A Horse, Ride A Cowboy
Land of The Free , Land of the Outrage more like it , its a shoe manufacturer you American Patriots are so easily offended
Reminder: It was a veteran who suggested Colin Kaepernick take a knee. Thank you for supporting + the protest against !
For all self righteous, infuriated anti-Nike folks out there now-dont destroy your Nike gear. It makes no sense. Donate your clothes/gear to the organizations that help the underprivileged. There are plenty of kids out there who need shoes, etc.
'm going to take my sister's baby who wears this weekly and give it up for adoption to own the Libs. Then I'm going to call the cops on the baby for wearing a hoody to protest Kaepernick.
A lot of backward Americans are boycotting due to their support of who has been blacklisted from the for protesting police brutality and racial injustice. Very well done to Nike. I'll be supporting and buying more. No here.
All these suspected white supremacists who are doing this are fully aware that Kaepernick (and other players) are not "protesting against the flag". They create these types of deflective, false narratives on purpose to avoid the topic of systematic white supremacy
BoYcoTT NiKe tO TriGgEr tHE LiBEraLs, AlSo RiGhT WiNGeRs TriGgEreD By CoLiN KaEPeRnICK on NiKE ADverTs
2. If you have actually bought Nike sneakers/apparel and plan to protest by burning what you have, just realize that the company already has your money, so they could probably care less.
Ima go out and buy some more products and proudly wear them! Why you ask? Because I am not a racist asshole and I understand that peacefully protesting by kneeling is not anti-military or anti-American but actually a way of highlighting daily injustice!
Its your right to protest by not buying Nike... the hypocrisy is that no one supported Kapernick when all he was doing was protesting. Nike ...you have a lifelong customer in me for doing the right thing
perhaps the most amusing thing about the is conservatives who continuously ridicule those advocating for liberties and rights and branding them as sensitive "snowflakes"...are the same people setting their clothes on fire all in the name of..a flag.
Yall do realize that Nike is a GLOBAL company right? Meaning they got millions of stores outside the US. Lmao they don't need yall conservative money. SKSKSKSKKS THEY GOOD EITHER WAY!
. Whos dividing this Country??? U were a nobody anyway Colin lets see how long this last for u!!! , thats alright, thats ok who wants to wear Nike anyway??????? What Next? Omg.. boo hoo... u are sickening
Theres so many homeless people and homeless vets that can use shoes but nooooo your shitty fucking agenda simply REQUIRES you to burn perfectly good shoes because Kaepernick used his rights. How much more stupid can the get?
Conservatives are faux outraged about peaceful protesters that they can't tell what to do, but always saying they're the party of freedom.
Right Wing Morons: YOU LIBERAL SNOWFLAKES GET SO BUTTHURT OVER EVERYTHING! BOYCOTTING COMPANIES FOR THE DUMBEST REASONS! Same Right Wing Morons: WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU SUPPORT COLIN KAEPERNICK NIKE?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!? BOYCOTTED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So, by Trump logic, if someone is for , they obviously are anti-shoes, right? Guess, it's gonna be some barefoot folks today LMAO
If people were really offended by Colin Kaepernack they would boycott their president over his treatment of the Constitution AND our vets =
is a protest by all whites.... LET THAT SINK IN
The people doesn't care about the injustices blacks suffer in this country. They see no problem with unarmed blacks being slaughtered by racist white cops. They also don't want blacks to have equality or the same civil rights that they are afforded.
RT : Let me get this straight?So an idiot protests Fake police brutality & fake racism. A made up problem.Idiot brand supports an idiot Just do it ???So they are SIDING with idiots ?I think your Democrats plantation is
Where is NIKE HEADQUARTERS- time to PROTEST!!
I was in the military and I think Kap is free to express his opinion in a lawful manner, he isnt breaking any laws. It also OK to not approve of his protest or position. These are not mutually exclusive positions. Nike hung ‚Äòjust do it on Lance too
Freedom of speech: having a voice.
You can have freedom of speech.... but only if I agree with it
Maybe donate that stuff to the needy? Oh, right, you all have never given a damn about the needy.
Please, do burn all of your Nike's in protest. They don't want racist fucks sporting their gear anyway.
and burning shoes already paid for is just free publicity for . P.S. I hope x come out with new yoga pants for women.
If a person still believes Colin was against our flag, thats what they CHOOSE to believe. Its clear thats not the reason.
America is so nutty now. People are doing the because Nike used the free market they love so much to pay an athlete who used his 1st Amendment rights.
is trending right now. Here's its tune!
Social Media influence is big, but not as big as people perceive it to be. Let the racist & ignorant claim theyll protest Nike all they want on here, but reality is Nike pockets wont be hurting one bit. They knew this before the announcement.
Gotta respect the guy for standing up for what he believes, even if you don't like him/agree with him .BUT NOW, Time for another boycott. He has the right to kneel. We have the right to boycott NIKE.
Right behid everyone! My grandsons will understand! They have pride in their FREEDOMS fought for too! HE CAUSED THE CHAOS IN NFL IGNORE & buy WALMART BRAND FOR ALL I CARE NOT BUYING NIKE!
Lol all the people trying to score some free shoes out of this -you know how to live, you awesome pigeons you.
When I heard about the , I assumed we were all fired up about treatment of women in the workplace, or factory labor practices...but no, its just privileged people upset about a man exercising his first amendment rights.
All these people destroying their Nikes really hate capitalism. Such disrespect for our American Economy and Way of life! mean, if they think Kaepernick is protesting the flag(when its always been police brutality), then why parse meaning, now?
Its not about the flag. Do your homework. It was never about the flag. Personally I support the 1st amendment and your right to protest, but it doesnt make you any less stupid
geez... now I may have to buy items. BTW- absolutely idiotic protests like destroying your swoosh or burning your shoes, just make me laugh.
Id rather see a man like protest at work than corrupt cops killing people at work unjustly. Picking up the Airmax today just to throw a couple of my dollars.
It seems a great many people believe that freedom of speech applies only to those who support their beliefs and not to all. It is great to see a corporation with the courage to support freedom for all.
This is how I imagine some people protesting Nike will look after taking scissors to their clothes if they're not careful with the cuts they make!
it's just funny that people who despise kapernick because he protests are responding with (wait for it...) protests. he amplified his voice in a football stadium; they've amplified their voices on twitter.
Me getting a pair of Nike's on eBay thanks to alt right selling them
Bravo Nike! Don't let those proposing make you nervous. Being on the right side of history and living by your campaign slogan are how we are going to get thru this. Those who try to make his protest about anything besides injustice are part of the problem.
Burning your Nikes in protest says more about YOU than Nike. Our homeless vets sure could use a pair of shoes but go ahead and burn them.
Oh people are upset AGAIN about what a company chooses to do. Because its worked so well the other 68955 times yall decide to boycott a company for having a different view
I just want to know how those same individuals who believe Kaepernicks protest is disrespectful to our military felt when Trump told a Army wife that her husband knew what he signed up for after losing his life for this country & also being lied to
Remember when everyone protested And destroyed their Keurigs and they went on to buy Dr. Pepper for $18 billion dollars a year later? Me neither
I'm white & I get it. Taking a knee isn't anti-American or disrespecting our troops. It's protesting social injustice, especially how African Americans are treated by police and our justice system. Like I said, I get it.
is hilarious because the right keeps saying its not about race, but as soon as Nike puts the picture of a black man they support in doing something other than playing a game- BURN THE SHOES
Tired of huge companies like Nike, Facebook, google fueling this garbage. Yes they have the right to do it, freedom of speech/free market. But lets worry about real issues like stopping this socialism madness so companies have the right to keep doing stupid things.
Do you believe Destroying Nike shoes, equipment, clothing' is a positive way to protest Colin Kaepernicks contract with the shoemaker??
- because only 0.000003037% of the US population is affected by police brutality every year, the majority of them white, and they hired a racist communist to right before the November elections. Wonder if that qualifies as Russian collusion.
White people (some, not all) want a because Nike supports a black man who peacefully protested inequality in America. Here is today's lesson on how white supremacist ideology is reinforced. Think about that. They are offended because black people want fairn treatment
a noble message from a washed up protester with nothing on the line
Nike knew exactly what they were doing. They knew that the racist right would start a . And they dont GAF. Thats why Im buying Nike again. Im with
So ppl are protesting a protest smh
Newsflash: You can support Law Enforcement and still support peaceful protest against injustice. What you are really boycotting is the idea that all people be treated equally. Be honest.
yeah Ill take a knee for our flag, right to peaceful protest, free press, constitution and my country any day. Ill also pledge allegiance to it with justice for all.
Have yet to find a single protester cutting up their products that isn't white
So let me get this straight. Some white people are burning Nike gear because they support freedom of speech for Blacks?
I love that the people protesting Nike are racist & the people buying Nike pay more for shoes per month than they do on their child support. F Yall Im wearing sandals
actions SPEAK LOUDER than WORDS NO FN BALL PLAYER was heard the moment he DISS FLAG MOST SIMPLY SAW RED it was not free speech If the shoe fits THEN JUS WEAR IT Nike endorses mass dog killer we stand w/
Ever hurl the term snowflake as an insult towards liberals, but are burning your Nikes cuz you hate Colin for protesting a USA that doesnt serve liberty & justice 4 all, by taking a peaceful knee? You might be an
so what yall saying is yall support police brutality and shit he protested against? yall must be confused but i mean, if you gone cut your nike products, dm me so i can properly dispose of them
Let's unpack this Kaepernick and Nike situation logically. You hate Colin Kaepernick, a total stranger who peacefully protested, so much that you're willing destroy your own clothing that you already paid for. There's a real mental disorder there.
Im going to go right on Nikes website and do some early Christmas shopping. Im sure with all this publicity somethings on sale .
has the freedom to protest our national anthem and wear pro communist Fidel Castro shirts, and we have a right to boycott for supporting him.
uses child labor,poor work conditions now the face of Nike is a cop hating America bashing ex Football Player who was Benched Before protests? Slavery at it's finest. and all my money spends elsewhere
Also, the same people crying freedom of speech!.... ya know it goes both ways right? Boycotts dont work. Have fun.
Oh America. I start my day with the so-called "liberal media" attacking liberals and defending .Then I see POTUS spent Labor Day assailing the AG for not breaking the law.After that, it's a because they support an athlete protesting injustice.UGH.
Right wing logic: boycott companies by destroying their own personal property. Did they forget they already paid for these things?
If youre willing to toss your , youre the kind of person who turns their head at brutality, discrimination. If you toss your Nikes, what are you REALLY protesting? Nike laid it on the line, will you?
Yall do realize that Nike is tied to just about everything in your house, right? Good luck not buying Nike products
would I boycott should be doing is boycotting started fake storyline about NFL players protesting the flag 's not about the military it's not about the flag it's about police shooting unarmed black men
Lmaooo I knew this was coming , they hate that man so bad it's sad , but they clearly know Colin is right
So people wanna participate in this well I am not partial to or any of them. But if you wanna boycott them because of a choice, waste money because of a choice they consciously made then you have got to be some of the dumbest people ever.
Boycotts are a ridiculous overreaction to what one finds objectionable including . Buy from the company or not. or give it to those in need. I dont agree with Kaepernick but I defend his right to free speech & profiting from itboth are the American way.
Its always hilarious to me when people burn their own shit in protest
You still have to buy a Nike product if you intend to destroy it. had it right in his Netflix movie. (Americans) Were dumb but were confident.
look like nothing but free promotion lol .. the racist always get it wrong
Not wading into the political pool with here... Just think that instead of burning your merchandise, why not donate it to a homeless shelter or help vets? Feel free to protest, it's America, just help others if you can!
Believing in something doesnt necessarily make it true. Just because you make a sacrifice does not ensure it is for the right reason or objective. I will say, at least Colin is standing for something even if somewhat misplaced.
So, Nike gonna lose about $6.32 behind this protest? If only the big mad folks understood that the largest consumers of Nike ARE THE ONES WHO SUPPORTED .
people don't even realize what they're protesting. isn't UN-American, protested racial inequality n racial divide, police corruption. US Military fought and died for his right to protest. Oh is , so burn em too.
can someone give me a quick rundown on how destroying your own shit that you paid for in protest to a nonviolent boycott positively affects you in anyway asking for science
All of these so called Christians are participating in as well. Clearly they are not reading the Bible when Jesus was a peaceful protester himself, but...
√©e Most famous Paid/free for PC,Android and Ps4-Top playing games in world. Games have greatread here More.......
Taking a knee is freedom. Protesting is freedom. Boycotting is freedom. Its all about freedom. You cant argue which is right. They all are expressions of freedom!!
No more NFL again this year and now no more Nike. Plus no more ESPN, since they made whiney Kaepernick their Community Man of the Year! That's like giving Castro an award for freedom. World has gone upside down!
Ive never understood people burning things in protest. Youve still bought them so the companies aint bothered theyve still made their dough.
If you feel the need to protest someone who is protesting police brutality and racism; How about instead of burning your perfectly good clothing and shoes, you give them to a homeless vet????
Did the right run out of books to burn?
First I have to choose between and my country. Now I have to choose between and my country. Guess what-I choose my country everytime.
When the right disagree they boycott things like Nike, when the left disagree the destroy property.
So hard to choose
That deals looking pretty good right now hey ??? fucked up
This is getting fun. People burning theyre nike gear, because of support. I am all for this shit. People are so upset that doing the right thing...... So! Fenna buy a pair of after work today!
Yall will speak up and down about your first amendment rights but THE MINUTE someone decides to cause a bit of a ruckus and uses those rights you decide to boycott and say he doesnt have the right to? OOOOOOKAY
So, Nike gonna lose about $6.32 behind this protest? If only the big mad folks understood that the largest consumers of Nike ARE THE ONES WHO SUPPORTED .
When people call for a , tell them . If they talk about the anthem, reply with . If they say to respect the flag, remind them that . Because that's why people . That's the real point of the protests.
A is fine if that's what a person wants to do, but I'm not sure if burning things helps at all. Still, the left can't really talk, they have their own history of misguided, failed boycotts and protests.
Too bad that youve made billions off paying slave labor wages to the third world sweat shops otherwise I may have gotten behind this publicity stunt. Ironically,lhope protests for building factories in like tried2do
if people are actually boycotting nike right now, feel free to send me any stuff youre getting rid of
Kaeperdick disrespects the flag for attention because he's not good enough to play pro football there are plenty of ways to protest u dont have to disrespect flag just like there are plenty of other shoes besides nike
Soldiers die for corporate greed. Stop romanticizing that with your already twisted narrative of fighting for freedom and not understanding peaceful protest.
I hear the protest works best if you burn the stuff while wearing it.you're welcome
When you show your disgust at black athletes "protesting at work" by showing how your soundman PROTESTED AT WORK to show his disgust at a company that just hired a black athlete who "protested at work".
I wonder if the "national anthem protests disrespect the troops" mentality would be as much of a thing if the US anthem wasn't about a specific battle in a specific war, and was actually about the country (not the flag) like other national anthems.
Yall dont know how to boycott. Im not going to teach you. But I will laugh af this all day. It wasnt sweatshops, it was a man practicing his rights for peace protest about police brutality. Im sure this will work as well as Hamilton, oh yeah yall failed.
Instead of burning your shoes no one else can afford to buy anyway, donate them to cops. Bet Colin would love to be the face of police department's new shoe of choice.
recognizing the silent peaceful protest was never about the or . Good on Ha!
I known most would like the 1st amendment to apply to a few. But, it doesnt! U know damn well that Kaps protest isnt about the flag. Yall just want to complain about some shit!!! The outrage is so fake but the assholes yall are becoming is really REAL! for what?
In defense of Nike, when choosing an NFL player to represent them, they didn't have much to choose from. The NFL is a haven for thugs.
So you just gonna protest a protest with a protest by burning products you bought to protest a protest that you wanna protest?
good job burning stuff that you already paid for you self righteous clowns. Yet another Twitter finger protest that won't have an impact on anything but people's nerves.
All this pseudo patriotism is the ultimate example of white privilege. "Let's just ignore the acknowledged facts of what the protest is really about because we don't like that version... and because we can."
So peacefully Protesting is looked down upon while trading International security for information on an opponent is completely Patriotic?! You people are a special kind of stupid!
How you peopled cant see the obvious. Are you going to boycott our president he disrespects a war hero who just died by refusing to lower the flag at half staff. That more disrespectful to the men and women in uniform and to the military then players who protest
Boycotting Nike Right Now Means You Support The Killing && Mistreatment Of Black && Brown Ppl,, I Cant Fuck w/ Ya KindGo Back 2 Sketchers
Let me get this straight?So an athlete protests police brutality & racism. Not a fake issue, a real & persistent problem.Major brand supports the athleteNow some call for ???So they are SIDING with RACISM and police brutality?I think your KKK robes are showing
Why stop at burning your Nikes. Please feel free to light yourself on fire like the monks in Vietnam
Nobody is downplaying police brutality. Its that the venue for such a protest is not appropriate, or effective. Now this with Nike? Who is their PR person?
Troubleshoot the issue and contacting the technical experts at is what you should do. They will listen to issue carefully, and then give you the right assistance to fix that in a short time.
The irony of people being mad at for protesting, while protesting by burning their shoes...
Protest slave labor an buy American made footwear.
Also to those on this . A veteran told Kap to take a knee versus sit because it was more respectful....But Go awf sis your righteous anger and lack of Google skills.
They - just through a rock into a Hornets Nest. Sad State of Advertising. has an Opinion.He deserves that Right.Now this whole Thing is another sign we have lost our Morals.Why Ad Him?Right or Wrong.
When Pro-Football declines, they will cite Colin Kaepernick as one of the primary causes. He will become an American Pariah. He should try to enjoy whatever love he has right now because it won't last.
We specialize in airport transfers to or from (LGA), Liberty (EWR), Bradley airport (BDL) and County (HPN). Email us for Booking -> limomoe6.com
Fuck that!! Y'all taking this protest bull shit toooo far.. Next you mf will be asking people to starve themselves to boycott gmo food. Lol
Goofy republicans send those sz.17s Nike shoes (yea right)
Bye Bye Nke Bad choice to support kneeling over support of patriotism so many other brands Support our Country
I am glad you have the freedom afforded you in this great country however this veteran will spend his money elsewhere!
You said you care about the vets, right?
I respect Colin Kaepernick and NFL Players right to protest everyday of the week, but not an NFL Field. I understand theyre not protesting the flag or the anthem, but they disrespect the integrity of the game and thats bullshit.
Save your breath. You cant argue or convince them to do whats right Stephanie, its like talking to a brick wall...racists gonna race hate.
when you make a political statement, you force ppl to choose a side. I now choose and for my footwear and families footwear.
You Bubbas do realize that your means nothing to a global organization, right? Destroying nike property that YOU ALREADY BOUGHT means nothing. Besides, I thought y'all liked wearing crocs.
I am not boycotting Nike. I am boycotting the NFL for hindering free speech.
will backfire and Nike will see a sharp spike in sales following this Fake Outrage from the pitiful extreme Right.
I hope all the OBVIOUSLY racist people complaining about Nike right now get a taste of their own medicine. PEACEFUL PROTEST is protected under your ever talked about 1st Amendment. Educate yourself
Im protesting Nike this morning by wearing only 5 articles of clothing with the swoosh to the gym , instead of the regular 6. Its the little things
Im exercising my freedom of speech too...and donating every shoe and T-shirt With this logo to . .
All these idiots burning their stuff give me life! They paid for it and are losing all that money and Nike is still winning because all of the free advertising they are giving them. And everyone is making fun of the Haven't laughed so hard in a long time.
As expected, is trending. Although I'm not taking any sides, I honestly don't understand why a business would voluntarily choose to alienate half of its potential customer base.Be that as it may, that's the beauty of America: Stand up for what you believe in...
Lol. Whatever $$ Nike lose out on in US sales, they've already made back by free advertising, and will probably double in international sales. You think they've not thought about this? (That said, I've been boycotting them for years because of their sweatshops)
Destroying product that you've already paid for is the equivalent of buying a house and then burning it down in protest of your listing agent. You're the only loser in this boycott.
are saying donate them to homeless Vietnam Vets. They don't want shoes that promote treason. Liberals are not the brightest bulb in the closet.
cant grasp the irony of burning shoes to protest a man who knelt in protest. He was not against the flag; you are not against shoes.
. GTFOH MAN, do you know how many people will buy Nike? Its not just an American Company you idiots. US Politics travels world wide yo. is going to alright. My say so for sure. And for not wanting police reform.
GOPers when Nike uses sweatshops to make their crap: Eh, who cares? GOPers when Nike signs a guy who protested against police brutality: OMFGWTFBBQ! HOW COULD NIKE HATE AMERICA LIKE THIS!
if you don't like freedom of expression whether you like it or not then you need to go someplace where they don't have that then then you don't have to worry about it anymore you do what they tell you to think and believe.
as we have the freedom of religion and our beliefs to go or not to go to any church we choose or any other type of religion we believe in. so if people really feel that way about Nike than they need to go someplace where they don't have to worry about it
Well, guess its time to go back to . I dont participate in many boycotts, but Im happy to stand against a company supporting a person who claims disrespecting the flag that stands for our free + great nation is worth fighting for.
I don't actually like their sneakers, never have, but I guess I have to buy them now? Otherwise I'll be labeled a racist, right? I'll take that chance, I still won't buy them.
personally I think Nike did the right thing to be honest. I think actually that's probably the most American thing they could have done. to back up his freedom of expression regardless whether they like that position or not.
I'm with because liberty and justice for ALL matters to me.
In my righteous indignation, I swear to Bob that I will continue to buy the shoes that are the best deal at that given time.
Not Buying Nike Anymore If you don't like Protest Somewhere Else Sn…î ûs
Boycotts done right: Boycotts done wrong:
People do not about the anthem or the flag. They to take a stand that . That is the point of the protest. That is what actually matters. If you're talking about anything else YOU'RE MISSING THE POINT. Good luck with your .
So the right are cutting up clothing that has already been paid for, and undoubtedly the left are paying for new Nike clothing to show support. Brilliant. Think I'll order myself some new sports socks for the gym. Just do it.
youve got to be kidding me right? youre doing great, keep up the good work
Dear all Americans everywhere;I know youre not the brightest, so this is a polite reminder to take your shoes / socks OFF your feet before you set fire to them.Youre welcome.
't back down, don't apologize don't issue a statement if you're really down for the cause stand for what you believe in. let them protest!
don't even OWN enough Nike products to boycott them but watching other people destroy the stuff they already BOUGHT in protest is hilarious.
right-wing idiots doing a by destroying stuff they already own because they think "disrespects the military", but they could be donating that nike stuff to help homeless vets .. but nope, gotta set it on fire to "own da libs".
All of you wishing to get free Nike crap. Watch it burn.
so cute, welcome to the club I've been here over 20 years, not because of some over privileged millionaire sports guy and not because "owning the libs" which I am 1, but because of their well documented human rights problems involving slave wages and kid workers.
You know its kinda ridiculous to destroy your own shxt at this point right .... .... ....
"Crying" = a less than half-assed Q, who was not wanted by NFL, spoiled by his prior fortune & looking for someone-anyone 2 blame except 4 where the blame lies, with himself. It isn't his cause but his total lack of respect 4 the American flag. HE made his choice.
Not a hard choice, Seems nike thinks they are a God of some kind....
Why are people cutting and burning Nike gear!? If your happy to accept 'the right to bear arms' is in your Constitution, then you have to accept an individual's right to silent protest and freedom of speech is also in there! Your message is one sided
Nike boycott by trump supporters and far right gonna give us some laughs
Strolling through British Museum. In protest at the signing of Kaepernick Im boycotting this statue of Nike, Greek goddess of victory. My aunt took this photograph. I walked past it blindfolded & tutting.
i hope yall realize the soldiers yall care about so much died defending colin kaepernicks right to protest his country.
Go away already, you ruined football (you're obvious intent) now I have to burn half my tennis attire. Grateful I don't use their tennis shoes, but I now ban You would think protest cancer, child abuse, something worth protesting, not your destruction of America
People are actually burning trainers in a . To be fair, it wasn't that long ago were being burnt in the same land where they had to kneel for their equal rights. Just do it? Me thinks the damage has already been done.
Cutting the emblem off your socks to prove a point. Right. How about just wear different socks?
i will hold off and let them have opportunity to make it right
Kaepernick ruined out football watching experience all because he can't find his way to the Capitol and protest like a normal person!
First it was and now , my new sneakers of choice
Disrespecting our country is NOT right !He definitely has nothing to complain about
I wonder if those protesting Nike are protesting police brutality with commensurate vitriol?
just heard Bayer is sponsoring Kaep now too. uncool. angry! i have downed all the aspirin in my house in protest
In defense of Nike, when choosing an NFL player to represent them, they didn't have much to choose from. The NFL is a haven for thugs.
if you choose over this then you have chosen the wrong side to support & it will cost you greatly.
PSA: If you are burning your Nike gear to protest Nike, its ever so much more effective if you do it while wearing the items.
To sum up is for everyone. Including and especially for you dislike.Otherwise it is not free speech.
POLL: DO YOU AGREE OR DISAGREE WITH NIKE'S CHOICE? is using former San Francisco quarterback Colin as part of its 30th anniversary commemoration of the "Just Do It" slogan.
Black people dont know how to protest correctly, say conservatives who destroy gear they already bought because the black guy who kneels is now a spokesman.
So Dave Chapelle was right - kneeling during the American anthem is really racists' kryptonite.
All those homeless out there that could use some shoes or gear and people choose to burn their stuff. What a crazy time we live in...
Remember that time when Tim Tebow took a Knee for Jesus?Do you Remember the Outrage over the NFLs reactions for him Expressing his 1st Amendment Rights? ... remembers.
