So proud of Alabama for dropping their contact for uniforms with
"My America" a song about the greatest country on Earth!
"My America" a song about the greatest country on Earth!
I dont buy into fake outrage, and Im not an attention whore. I have a spine, and I work with vets every day. Anyone buying into this crap who thinks theyre speaking for vets  you arent. They arent children, so stop trying to speak for them.
As a PATRIOT and a VETERAN I will NOT let anyone DISRESPECT our flag
When can we expect those socks with pigs in police uniforms to be issued with a Nike swoosh?
Pat Tillman is someone I can respect.
up the good work America!
. Nike is "in your face" with marketing ploy. Kap did not "Give his all". Police and soldiers know what "Give it all" means.
Instead of burning our Nikes, can we please donate them to the homeless and or charities?Forget Kaepernick, lets do some good for this country to show him what that is
Can't understand this- with all the real heroes in this country and you pick thishas been!
Ive done so well staying away from political twitter & mainstream media. I take a peek at trends & timeline & etc. Sleep well America. So much stupid, how can they keep up w/the outrage?
Im going to buy athletic shoes from a company that is pro-American. I hope your stock drops more and more and more
Im so . Collin Kaepernick did not sacrifice anything for this country. Pat Tillman did. you messed up
Kaepernick made no sacrifice he made a stupid error and is not patriotic and doesnt deserve to make millions of dollars our real veterans are the ones that made a sacrifice for this country. Nike you are so wrong you need to fire your ad agency
Why are people saying our flag represents the military? It does not. It represents we the people who live in our 50 states.
I am taking part in the . This country is truly backwards. Don't me.
NPR tonight reported tonight 1/3 of Nike sales in America are older than 35 - so even no loss in sales to young people can't keep from major impact.
Way to go . Your spokesman is a man who wears socks portraying as pigs & disrespects the American flag. Tell it to the families or slain officers and those vets who have served with honour & lost their lives for this country. You are despicable!
shat on every veteran who sacrificed everything
for what? Signed Marine Veteran (4yrs)/Current Soldier
Dear , if you arent huddled in a room to launch a campaign featuring real heroes who have made real sacrifices, you are effing idiots! Youd drive a stake through the heart of
Maybe Nike should honor Charles Manson with an ad. He sacrificed everything for what he believed in.
Youve paid for the Nikes already! Could of donated your Nike products to a homeless veteran! People in this world lack common sense!
Sorry but this quote match more to Tillman and all Vets.
24/7 365 always forever. Respect America! Do your best. Dont complain. Obey the law!
Kaepernick gave up a career to turn around and get paid by Nike. Pat Tillman gave up a career to serve and give his life for this country.I think I know which one sacrificed everything.
Its time for you to get that pride stick out of your asses and get over something you believe is unprofessional and unpatriotic when in reality its standing up for something that you believe in.
Cant believ Kapernik was chosen by Nike he DID NOTHIN POSITIV 4SUPPOSED reason knelt,football but SHIT on evrything AMERICAN!!
Did you know that 43% of active duty families participated in social welfare programs like WIC and Food Stamps in 2017?Instead of these Super Patriotic Americans should be fighting to ensure the men and women defending the flag can afford to feed their families.
The really funny thing about the whole is that the has a deal with them to make all team uniforms until 2028. These fools burning their clothes will be throwing money at for another 10 years.That's badass marketing!
So if you're all about the , if you're outraged abt disrespect to the flag & you're personally are done w/ them, can I suggest donating your gear to charity instead of burning it. If you think it's bad, then do something good in its place.
hope the stock tanks some more. Will never buy Nike brand again. How stupid is the CEO of Nike to alienate 1/2 of the country while disrespecting the flag, military and police.
This youre doing you patriot-loving people isnt gonna affect . All youre doing is throwing a little baby tantrum and youll get over it within a few weeks.
Well I guess Kapernick wearing cleats will show they will last a long time, but the seat of his pants will get wore out pretty fast!!! Patriots will do that.
I have a question for the MAGA and folks. Is it OK for me to cut these socks or is that disrespecting the flag?
Respect the National Anthem and the flag.
What in the world did you sacrifice? Your football career? LOL, that pales in comparison to soldiers that sacrificed their life for this country.
indeed. as well - go stuff it - your brand forever associated with anti-American crap.
I am happy to take all the Nike products from these crazy people destroying theirs! Shit is nice, and it isn't cheap oh, and my brother, who's Army Special Forces, isn't offended
Someone at Nike is clearly not thinking. They shouldve ask Bo.Bo knows smart investments.Kap aint one of them. Athletes are trendy and his time has past. How bout picking someone who truly loves this country, & appreciates what they have here.
People kneel to God to show respect to it. Why is kneeling during the national anthem bad? If anything thats more respectful. If you can do it for God is it not good enough for the rest?
They were good enough for history's greatest hero, Forest Gump. They are good enough for me. ?
Well, I won't be buying anything related to Nike from now on. You can stick your new Kaepernick ad up your ass. It seems not only is he worthless but, so are you. Take a knee, Nikee!!! You are also a disrespectful ass.
Wait. Americans are burning the items they paid for to get back at the company that already has their money? Yeah, that'll work. I give it a week before the majority rebuy everything.
I love america. Stocks fell 3%. Keep showing em what's up
is my new favorite, non-political, truly American company.
Hey . Here's an idea. Show a wearing a Nike shoe on his fake leg. Then your headline works. Our veterans are willing to sacrificed nothing.
All the country folks angry at the campaign, yet sing the Aaron Tippin song Youve got to stand for something.
Has anyone burned an American flag sneaker today? ;)
The real footbal hero will be the one who denounces the coverup of Chronic Traumatic Encepholaphy
Americans want moral and noble people to lead their advertising campaigns like....
I'll never buy your products again. Your association with sealed the deal. Anti-American
Hey , I'll never buy any of your products again. Your association with anti-American seals the deal.
why would you drive a wedge between Americans in a shameless attempt to sell a few more shoes? Both sides of this argument should . You only did this for Nike. You are sick!
instead of destroying all your Nike products why dont you donate them to the millions of homeless veterans you pretend to care about. . .
never buying nike again. Nfl uniforms should be UA
For the record, Pearl Harbor and 9/11 were attacks on America. The new Nike ad is not.
How Colin Kaepernick's Deal Affects Nike And The Country, & A Message To The Mob!
It's really a shame that fat lazy people across the country are burning their athletic gear.
Rather than destroying the clothes and shoes you've already purchased, why don't you donate them to the homeless veterans that you're so adamant Kap is disrespecting?
A REAL American Hero! Harvey Carney.
Can someone summarize to me, a non american, the basis of why America now hate Nike.
You love America. What do you do?
It still boggles my mind a little bit every time I think about the fact that there are actually people and kids in this amazing country that like and look up to Tom Brady
. looking at Americans wylin as they dont got the entire planet wearing their gear.
I will never buy another Nike product. Someone should make an American Flag with the words Dont Do It hanging below. What was Nike thinking%^+%
Guess Mr Lear hates America also
wow How Un-American is ? !
Don't be a ZERO! Be a HERO!!
Hey, for those ripping up and throwing away your clothes. How about donating them to homeless vets instead?
For the assholes burning gear.. how about donate them to the homeless veterans u suppose to care about? IJS
 has decided to brand its sneakers, its attire, and its products with Colin as the face of their campaign. I mean, if this isnt a backhand to patriotic Americans who love their country... I dont know what is. 
From the playbook of Keurig-bashing morons. Lose $200, no appliance, no coffee spend $$$ on another coffeemaker, all while missing single-serve convenience
I wonder how many homeless vets will be decked out tomorrow in the gear you people are donating to them today. Oh wait, you're burning it and cutting it up. Got it.
The only running shoes I have are worn down, falling apart, and have no traction. Luckily, after Nike's blatant disrespect in , I can finally find the motivation to upgrade to a superior brand.
Your outrage is embarrassingly misguided America.. More:
He's not a true American- revoke his citizenship and let him go live somewhere he likes- totally offensive, un-American!!! Respect the flag, respect our great Nation!!
~Patrioten~ sind solche unendlichen Loser
joins in the disrespect of the American Flag, Veterans, and active Military.
And America speaks with its pocketbook.
Everyone pretends to care about veterans until its actually time to address the everyday issues veterans face in this society. But okay, burn your shoes.
To all of our hero veterans out there. Thank you for your service! Is it appropriate for to take a knee, or is it disrespectful?
America. If you're thinking about burning your size 10 Nikes can you send them to me instead?Cheers.
Nike joints in the disrespect of the American flag and what it stands for.
Im a big fan of America and therefore, Im a big fan of and Never been a buyer, but now Ill pick up some swag.
Really now I have to buy adidas thx for honoring someone who honors a mass murdering dictator Fidel Castro! Who killed innocent Cubans
Hey if your burning shoes why don't you go and donate those to our vets!
TRUMP WHAT THIS COUNTRY IS ALL ABOUT - NBAMAK via
For anyone looking to get rid of their products: I specialize in the disposal of Sean Wotherspoon 97/1s in specifically a size 10. Hit me up, and I will gladly purge your rotation of sneakers from this truly unpatriotic brand.
First it was entertainment. Next it was sports. And now its clothing?! How many MORE iconic American companies are going to plunge off this anti-American cliff? Former Nike fanatic is ditching his swoosh sneakers
The First Annual Snowflake AwardsWhat political ideological group is considered the biggest snowflakes in America?
It's a lie. He didn't "sacrifice everything." Not even close. This true hero did though.
I'm glad to see Nike took that hit on market today.. Keep it up with no NFL.. Those China made sneakers are shit! Buy NB American made!
Amen But these so-called patriots would rather destroy needy albums than actually help anyone. They're too evil to do any good.
Dnald tRmp is not even a real president. But even if he were, he'd never be a president f/all Americans as he claimed. He'd be president f/himself & Ivanka. And in his world that's what he's doing. But I digress. The message: Hey , he's not on board the
Americans Launch Boycott Against After Named Face of 30thAnniversary! Stocks Bomb! paying since 2011, Nike already owns him! via
Americans don't boycott but . Everybody against .
How Colin Kaepernick's Deal Effects Nike And The Country, & A Message To The Mob!: via
Hey dumbasses. Instead of destroying your shoes/socks/shirts, donate them to our homeless Vets.
Anyone who thinks that sacrificed more than is a moron who deserves to be shot. He gave up his football career, and HIS LIFE, to defend this country. Kaepernick gave up football, while still getting paid. I dont feel bad for the guy.
Hello, dear conservative Americans. My name is Nikita and I happened to be poor. So if you really dont need Nike stuff and its brand new, Id be glad to take them.
This Colin Kaepernick dbag is the lefts idea of hero these are mine!
Hey before burn your Nike stuff send me a DM I will take it off hands to donate to Homeless Vets.
"My America" a song about the greatest country on Earth!
"My America" a song about the greatest country on Earth!
"My America" a song about the greatest country on Earth!
Not only do I not respect Kaepernick and hate but now Nike has given me even more reason not to buy their stuff! 10 yrs running since I stopped buying anything related.
"My America" a song about the greatest country on Earth!
"My America" a song about the greatest country on Earth!
who said, 'its always their call' -manufacturing jobs in -America leave-- America. <Wages ($$'s) -are not wrong. Productivity is -wrong.
Anyone think dodging the draft 5 times is unpatriotic, disrespectful to the troops and veterans?
"My America" a song about the greatest country on Earth!
"My America" a song about the greatest country on Earth!
"My America" a song about the greatest country on Earth!
As a former cop I'm done with Nike, the NFL. Never was a fan to begin with. Don't buy products made by companies that hate America and cops.
Nike, please make American Flags.
Well. If the ex President of one of Americas worst enemies is in favor of Kapernick, maybe I should reconsi......Nah!!
Military deserves honor. Mediocre quarterbacks deserve a bench.
This brave young man would have been a much deserved pick, not Colin. !!
I wonder if the people destroying their Nike gear know that...1) One of its co-founders is a veteran, and2) Converse is a subsidiary of
made a huge mistake with . What has this man actually done ? Kneel? Why not honor the real heroes who stand and take action? bye bye
Bad move, , Kaepernick only starting kneeling when he was bench bc he lacks talent. He is a disrespectful, ungrateful punk!
F *** Nike F *** the NFL and F *** every damm sick liberal in this country !
Translation: As Nike is the official provider of our uniforms and gear, we're terrified that will expand into
Hey you sorry sacks of shit. Instead of destroying the stuff donate it to children and vets in need.
Three things 1) Wait ‘til his mom finds out 2) pollution 3) give them to someone without shoes....like a homeless vet
Instead of throwing away/burning your Nike Gear, give it to one of the millions of homeless veterans you pretend to care about
. Boy, my On running shoes are far better than that Nike crap. Never ever own that brand after disrespect a big chunk of America
you suck, freaking unamerican traders!!! Family of 7 here and will not be buying your crap anymore.
Thank you in the UK and for interviewing me today about and Much Respect
I wonder what would happen if or came out with a new line or new campaign that was very pro American, pro flag, pro military etc......
Colin Kaepernick is anti-American and a villain of this country. And,so is . Let that sink in.
Folks out there burning perfectly good shoes & clothes out of spite but already has your money. How about make donations to children/veterans/homeless all the apparel you no longer wish to own?You can rid yourself of it & do something good in the process.
in honor of the i will buy only nike as much as possible
If u all are so done with , then instead of BURNING ur apparel, why dont u DONATE it to homeless veterans u claim to care so much about? You know. The ones you ignore on the way to work.
Americans are triggered soo easily. They're burning and ripping stuff they paid money for haha.Fair play to .
Wow Americans are so sensitive. Get over it.. its a great Nike and and NFL marketing strategy. Get over yourselves
Instead of a why not donate Nikes, shoes and clothes to homeless shelters and to veterans ?
will never buy again done New balance only american made
The Nike campaign goes to exactly what Kappernick did. He gave up everything to do something he believed in. This isn't an outrage. This is a hero. How many of you could do something like that?
No one loves war... Tillman the true hero....
There was an issue with Serena, now with Kap. Seems like people dont have a problem with but the African American political struggles that Nike is speaking out against.
Wife had a great idea. Those who oppose the Nike campaign...instead of burning your shoes, please donate them to veterans in need.
You complain & think everything Kaepernick is doing is disrespectful to veterans, but you set products on fire being disrespectful towards the company & veterans who could have had those clothes donated to them? i don't know how you rationalize that in your head
We have a VIP Family Membership at (they have great shoes and amazing service!) where I will be buying my son's shoes for cross-country later this week. They won't be Nike's this time.
They still won't bring up the fact that Colin was asked/told by a veteran to take a knee it's still honorable..better than sitting..
Why do you people prays this dude hes a little bitch neeling to our flag if you dont like America leave dont sit there and blame trump when he said hed meet with you then you never respond
The most intelligent and affluent Americans burning their wellfare sponsored sneakers
Dont own any to , but I will say that unless served in the U.S. Armed Forces or as a or unless hes served on the mission field or in a classroom he has sacrificed NOTHING.
I can literally FEEL this country's IQ falling...How's all that outrage over Kap taking a knee working out? U fed that beast with hate & anger. Nike DGAF, dummies!
Apparently has no idea what "sacrificing everything" means.Our fallen Soldiers sacrificed everything
Nike is losing this one.... Former NFL player that died for his country.
You can tell who hates America by finding people burning or destroying their Nike apparel. My favorite part is ones who say theyll switch to Adidas (a German company). Instead of sticking to Nike, you know, an American company
Disappointed to say the least. Stand up for America!
¿Intolerancia en todo nivel? Reportes indican una pérdida del 3% en las acciones de NIKE luego de sacar a la luz la campaña, con la presencia de Colin Kaepernick, que conmemora los 30 años del slogan encima es trending topic en la unión americana
are yall taking military vets/athletes lol!?!? Im so with this movement its not even funny, LETS GO!!
WTF Nike? Why not partner with a sports personality that respects the flag and everything it stands for.
"Hey, let's put this disrespectful, unamerican scum as the face of our company!" Fucking neck yourself scum
All you ppl boycotting / burning Nike shit deserve nothing more than to get smacked in the face. I will gladly do it.
How about putting the face of a real man and hero on your ad
Americans are so pathetic getting upset over Colin Kaepernick being the face of Nikes 30th anniversary campaign. I cant believe is even a thing
In celebrating , the fools at have alienated 1/2 of America and their shareholders will feel lots of pain.
Whats less patriotic kneeling at a football game or Trump ridiculing a POW for being captured and tortured?
Why not drop off those items at a goodwill or a veteran donation center? Ya know... take care of the people home first or is that its something people say?
If you decide to be childish and , please at least donate your clothes so that homeless youth or veterans could be clothed.
Essentially, they are punishing Colin for his views on policeman/ patriotism etc... and it was only last month the shoe was on the other foot
Are we really still doing this, America??? Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't taking a knee a metric shit ton less violent than setting shit on fire????
Fun fact - Kaepernick was originally going to sit during the anthem, but a former Navy SEAL convinced him kneeling would be a more respectful way to make his point (not)
Why burn your shoes when you could give them away to people who cant afford any? How American of you to be 100% wasteful instead of helpful.
So we buying all this shit then we burning them..only in America
has spit in the face of every military wife, widow, child, men that suffer from , and our men in the field. I dont even want an apology from this filth. Be ashamed, be embarrassed, be bankrupt
Birds of a Feather: Colin Kaepernick Gets Praise From John Brennan and an Iranian Dictator Who Hates America
no surprise here folks sees their stocks drop after siding with anti-American cockroach
I will only buy sneakers from now on. You have my respect.
Lol. Really America? Or shall I say some petty irrelevant Americans.
I promise on my love for my country I will NEVER buy  again!
is the N word for sneakers. They cater to those who hate America, disrespect our flag, National Anthem & fallen heroes. If you purchase a Nike product knowing this, you are Nike's "N" version of what they represent. So many will now impact stupidity.
youd rather burn your shoes than give them to a homeless veteran and you call yourself patriotic?
"When a radical anti-Semite, anti-American Iranian dictator agrees with you, maybe that's a sign that Beto, the & are all on the wrong side of the American people!"
Watching the Kavanaugh spectacle & seeing Grassley, whos been in congress for 100 years, reminds me that Trump promised to enact term limits. If theres 1 thing all Americans can agree on its this so people, whats up?
Instead of burning shoes or cutting socks. How about donating all that unwanted Nike gear to those homeless Vets yall claim to care about.
You have diminished the sacrifice of real heroes by making the face of your campaign about sacrifice. So disappointed in your company.
I'm still trying to figure out how kneeling suddenly became an expression of disrespect. We've knelt to pray for as long as I can remember. It was never considered disrespectful to God to do so. What's changed?
all you republicans/conservatives will stop at nothing to call democrats/liberals oversensitive and dramatic, but the second that the military gets involved..... whos being oversensitive again???
Bravo and thank you for choosing a true hero to represent you. Thank you!
This goes out to the hypocrites. If you care so much about veterans then why not donate your Nike items to a veterans organization instead of burning them.
Great idea. We need more boycotts with patriot dollars. .
Did ya'll not think that God wasn't gonna honor eventually for doing something so amazing. It's his time to reap what he has shown. Much Respect to him for standing strong
Why burn your Nikes? when you can give them to people who dont have shoes.. Oh thats why, we dont like to work as a whole in America
A proper NFL hero..
How many people who are burning their gutties (that's sneakers to my American friends) will be out buying a new pair in the next few weeks?
Your ad department is out of touch with the majority of Americans.
Americans are burning clothes for a when there are homeless people?
... are you or or or . where was your outrage when disrespected
This is a real hero
"I'm Burning My Nikes" - Americans Launch Boycott Against Nike After Colin Kaepernick Named as Face of 30th Anniversary via
Love it. Through all the ephemeral, shallow nonsense were all fed its sometimes difficult to spot the real heroes, not here...
This is a real hero
No in this camp. Massive respect
Thank you for doing something inspirational and honorable. I will buy me some Nike!
Here's an idea. If you think America's veterans deserve more respect, why not donate your clothes to a veterans' charity instead of cutting them up with scissors like a dumb, spiteful little brat?
This is 's socks. Disrespect for Police, Military, The Flag, mean disrespect for America. And chose this washed up, sidelines QB as their spokeman?
Nike isn't even made in America. So I guess it's fitting
First it was entertainment. Next it was sports. And now its clothing?! How many MORE iconic American companies are going to plunge off this anti-American cliff? Former Nike fanatic is ditching his swoosh sneakers ==>
Man sollte wirklich durchziehen. Aber nicht wegen der Werbung mit einem Mann, der für seine Überzeugung einsteht, sondern ... HABT IHR GESEHEN WIE SCHNELL DIE DINGER BEI DEN PATRIOTENSPINNERN ABFACKELN???!!Schuhe von scheinen lebensgefährlich.
There are about 20 people on the who are telling everyone to donate the clothes to the poor and homeless and veterans. I'm sure you could count their lifetime donations on one knuckle of one finger of one hand. Won't they be sore when there are
Maybe  didn't pay attention:Americans & ... and we dislike so much WE should be fired at , stock NKE was 83+ & now trading below 80 will hurt sales
Upset your favorite lawn mowing shoes are tainted? Looking for something else to wear with your jorts and polo for a night on the town? Want everyone to know you love America? has you covered!
if standing for the pledge of allegiance is so American then why did you take it out of public schools
All these people sound so Patriotic, but i didnt see them at 0530 pt formation this morning.
Fuck Nike; we are bigly (handsome) patriots !
Yall people burning yalls apparel, if u really care for America yall should donate that stuff instead, theres youth in need of clothing in every town if yall want 2, but do something 4 instead Im w/ yall
You said ppl in other places aren't paying attention to American football.
Where are the flag loving, veteran respecting American patriot size 13 U.S. Jordan sneaker heads ? Ive developped a disposal machine that is fastest most efficient known on the market. Save yourself time&effort, ship them ASAP and I will make them disappear
why would nike care about you burning a product you already paid for. dont be stupid. give them to the homeless veterans you claim are being disrespected if you dont want them anymore.
I think those that are burning should consider donating them to homeless veterans that they act like they give a damn about.
de unos patriotas gringos, donde promueven comprar una marca alemana. Muy 'Murica....
People burning Nike products instead of donating to veterans....that makes sense
If anyone has Nike shoes size 10.5-12 that they dont want, DM me. Im a veteran in need.
Hey "patriots"Instead of burning perfectly good apparel, how about donating it to the veterans you claim to care so much about?
I stand for the national anthem of all countries. I do it out of respect. I may not condone their history or politics, but I still show respect. If there is one thing I have learnt is that by giving respect you gain it.
Americans are weird. Who gives a shìt about the national anthem?!?
Why not donate the clothing to vet services instead of burning it destroying?
Active military.
I blocked them!All Patriots should!
All of you boycotting Nike, if you feel the need to help a veteran in need, I wear size 9. Thanks in advance
What a real American leader, athlete, hero looks like.
Since what most of you seem to be burning are socks, you can ship some of them up here to Michigan at the Salvation Army. It's about to be cold soon.
What has Kaepernik sacrificed, other than money? gave up his NFL career to serve in the Army and was killed by friendly fire.
fk off nike you are dead to America!
I can believe this everyone with this BS! People need to check their moral values. 1st you buy a pair $100+ shoes manufactured in a 3rd world country by people getting paid pennies. Should boycott you! Thats all Im saying! What a shame!
Officer Amoroso is the real hero.
Nike shouldve backed a true American hero.
Wondering why all those clothes and shoes arent getting donated to your local Veterans Home? But rather burned, cut up, and trashed?
made the ultimate sacrifice for himself and his country.
politician come & go, country singers come & go & die, presidents get impeached but is forever
People in America destroying their Nike apparel [ that they bought already] for this STUPID
This thing outta control. There is bigger issues in this country that need resolving over some ad.
america could give a fuck about its veterans.
I'm sure that vet didn't suggest to foolish to also wear police depicted as pigs on his socks or to wear a Castro shirt in Miami.
Nike - no way. Respect America. We already know you dont respect workers with your sweatshops.
I see no hero here.
Whenever a company decides to jump into the Culture War, its time to consider shorting their stock.  has alienated half the country forever.
Americans are fucking weird
didnt shoot unarmed children in the back ...Nike wasnt responsible for killing innocent men Nike isnt responsible for seperating families Nike brought awareness..people in this country so blind they dont know a hero wears no cape ...go boycott Jordan TF
politician come & go, country singer die, presidents get impeached but is forever
In honor of the I came to work ready.
U know those vets u only remember on Thanksgiving, memorial and veterans day
Canadian Patriot Sons will join the Nike boycott. You dishonor the flag, you lose my buisness!You have modeled anarchy to our children by sponsoring a man who thinks the police are pigs. Shame upon Nike!
Instead of boycotting and destroying your Nike products , donate them to the homeless veterans you all pretend to care about!
My respect and admiration for Nike is through the roof now!
Sending my thoughts and prayers to everyone so triggered and partaking in the - hope yall find a cozy safe space after you destroy all that stuff youve already paid for instead of donating it to any of the 40k homeless veterans in America
Okay!!! what is more American then standing and risking everything you believe in!!
Law Enforcement Veteran Silences With One Powerful Question After Kaepernick Partnership
To yall angry folks burning your Nike clothes over nothing, why cant you donate those clothes to the homeless vets yall bitch asses like to complain about? Is your fragility that weak that you cant do something for the vets? This really shows that I didnt care.
Respose I know they wont really respect this one
instead of burning your nike products, send them to me and i will be happy to burn them for you! slander to the american flag will not be tolerated! dm for postage info
....kneeling has nothing to do with Vets...we are a family of Vets. Run that fake crap somewhere else. We see you.
Hello Nike! Meet a REAL American Hero. No longer shopping or wearing
What makes you think a veteran would want Nike apparel or shoes after this????
kneeling is actually more respectful than standing you morons
Wont be buying ever again but glad I found my great connected shoes which kick any of Nikes asses on shoes & America. Love these for running. Stand up.
Cutting up your wardrobe is not a conservative value. Quit playing yourself. Thats not patriotic.
A bunch of Cop hating, Trump hating, and America hating A holes
the is the exact reason why nobody likes Americans
So since yall patriots burning Nikes, what yall going wear now? Saucony? Isaacs? May I recommend Skechers!?
payed more respect to the Stars and Stripes by kneeling down than loud mouth draft dodger Trump has ever done.
Nope. Couldn't afford them anyhow. I'll write instead.Releasing soon with BEAUFORD THE PATRIOTIC DONKEY endears itself to the American public by teaching the timeless lessons of work ethic, the importance of the flag, and honoring military service.
While you burn and boycott did you think about donating those Nikes to the homeless vets that you ignore on a daily
I wonder if the conservatives are gonna grant Nike another $14B in tax breaks now that theyre disrespecting their flag.
The people burning their Nikes are pissing me off. It was never about disrespecting veterans. Im with
I've worn nothing but Nike for 43 years it's the only shoes that after back 4x keep me walking.The only shoe I can grab a size 11 without trying it on and go. You apparently dont have the pulse of the American people time for a new brand
You can either stand UP for America, or buy a pair of anti-American
I 100% agree with everything I am reading about . One thing though, stop suggesting that they donate their Nike apparel to homeless vets, or other needy people. They aren't going to do that. They don't want ANYONE to have nice things. Remember, they're assholes.
All of yall doing this can send me over any size 6 you have. You dont deserve to be wearing anyways.
Literally 0 people outside the U.S gives a single shit about colin kaepernick and this nike boycott Sincerely hope americans gets more school kids blasted soon
If you burn/destroy clothes/shoes for instead of taking them to a veteran charity or homeless shelter, then dont you ever dare talk about being patriotism or honoring vets as you're full of shit.
Everyone's mad at Kaepernick and Nike so they started the but won't get on the government's ass about how the homeless veterans are being mistreated
Nikes down 2%, congrats on the EXTRAORDINARY change all of you guys are making to corporate America
To all the people doing the : what have you done recently to help a veteran. Nothing? Hypocrites.
Am I missing something??Why is there a Rather than burning or throwing them away,why not donate them to someone homeless,a veteran or someone you know who is in need. Again why the boycott against Whats the point
So now Nike stocks are taking huge hits LMAO wow that was hella quick. Wake up liberal America. You are sorely defeated and when i say sorely i mean SORELY. Yelling at Kavanaugh confirmation like you do and we're all laughing now hahahahaha
congratulations on the contract, happy for you! My Dad was a veteran of the & he stood with you! The is disrespectful! Our VETS deserves better than lip service and burning shoes and other products that could be donated is shameful!
Blessé par cette initiative ils ont donc décidé de répliquer en boycottant la célèbre virgule. Même si tout nest pas innocent dans le capitalisme, Nike a eu grave du cran de se positionner ainsi car ce nest pas sans risque pour eux.
What a sad state our society is in when the merchant can wear the mask of the priest and preach morality.We deserve everything we get from here on out.
Americans are pointlessly burning their own gear in response to the new ad.Context:-->
I wear a size 9.5. Hook your boy up and toss me a few pair before you go burning them up! I've been waiting to get my hands on some VaporMax. I know some vets who might want a couple of pairs too.
Self-aggrandizing clown. You got paid in full for your contract and now landed a lucrative deal with Nike. You're not a victim of any kind nor are you a hero. I'm done with
I love America's My loves .People in America should and America. I'll continue to , and stand with you, .
No way would I burn or tear my clothing by the Kap campaign, I respect what hes doing... but can Nike lower their prices.. sheesh
UnAmerican UnAmerican UnAmerican
Really?!? We're now burning apparel to voice our outrage over ? I'm pretty sure my WWII Veteran Grandfather would reach up from his grave and choke me for being such a baby about a another person's opinion
like they kneeled on America.
We boycott Nike but not all the other unfair situations in America?! we act like Nikes the one out there fucking shit up
At least some educational things are trending now instead of the dumb that consists of people overreacting in a typical social media way. though. This is the future of America at stake.
If you are one of those Americans who burnt your own Nike stuff then you need to sit down and have a think until you realise how dumb that was
Dear angry people burning Nike stuff. There are millions of homeless people in need of shoes & clothing. Thats patriotic.
and to this day the liberals still don't understand why Americans are offended when someone kneels at the American flag built on the blood of others that love this country
you havent sacrificed a damn thing. Law enforcement officers, military, fire fighters, EMT/EMS those are the ones who sacrifice everything.
- Im boycotting Nike. Look in Kaepernicks eyes- EVIL lives there. Void- darkness-Kind of like the ones you see serial murderers. He gives me the creeps. On top of not a patriot, wouldnt fight for his country less on stand for it. My opinion
NIKE FAIL!!! Pat Tillman is what a TRUE American Patriot represents
America will remain a political satire until certain Americans realize that there are priorities: Puerto Rico, Flint, opiate epidemic, obesity...the list goes on. should be the least of their worries.
haaaaaaaaaa Good luck. Twitter boycotts don't work and a majority of this country thinks the ad is fantastic
RT: Here's an idea. If you think America's veterans deserve more respect, why not donate your clothes to a veterans' charity instead of cutting them up with scissors like a dumb, spiteful little brat?
If anyone has a nice pair of Nike SB Dunk Boba Fett's in an 11.5 I'll save you the trouble of the lighter and take them off your hands As for any other clothes or garments, give them to the vets and homeless who need them.
I LOVE THIS COUNTRY BUT DAMN,I HATE NIKE! TOTAL DISRESPECT TO VETERANS.....
My favorite thing about the is imagining all the real patriots out there recognizing one another by their tube socks bunched at the ankles, lacking logos and--a very important part of socks--the elastic at the top.
Americans are fucked up in the head honestly! boycotting by burning or cutting up stuff they have already paid for
Man I should go dumpster diving all you morons throwing good gear out! Instead of throwing them away give them to the homeless or VETS!
! Backs This Anti American Loser !
Bought these new Nike in honor of the
Not Made In America .. Alternative and a MUCH BETTER PRODUCT and Shameless Shoutout For A select collection of Reebok in the
Instead of throwing out all your gear how about giving it to the millions of homeless veterans you pretend to care about for what
Nike gives Veteran Discounts soooo yeaaaaa think imma stick around a while
As a lifelong buyer its time to let my wallet do my talking. Pat Tillman was a true American hero who made the ultimate sacrifice for unlike spoiled Dumb decision & glad Im not invested in your company.
most military agree with Nike and know taking a knee isnt disrespectful and funny how taken a knee only mattered when 45 got in office ! is stupid !
since my kid needs new shoes for school we won't be buying Nike! We stand for the flag even at school but this year we won't be wearing Nike shoes etc...when we do it...we strive for greatness not disrespect!
Anti-American Nike, stock is going belly up!Was my favorite shoe brand!Never again!
Some will buy more, some will buy less, but most of american cannot afford the Nike product anyway, so... Does really matter?
Off to to buy some shoes. I hope for some price drops as the Americans has a new trend this month.
Making America Great Again one shoe.. I mean toe.. at a time
Not all cops are pigs. But the pigs should be dealt with. Consider what side of history you are on with the . And educate yourselves on the America needs:
Ill say it once and Ill say it again screw Kaperfuck. Dude needs to go back in his hole and never crawl back out. The ungrateful football flunkey that rode this country to riches.
To paraphrase, and American who is no longer allowed to think is no longer and American.
Yall could at least donate your shoes to those who need it ins of burn or trashing them. Maybe to the homeless veterans yall claim to care about so much.
Can you imagine insulting a military vet by giving him a pair of shoes??! They'd rather be barefoot.
Heres an idea. All you people burning Nike gear. How about donating it to a local homeless shelter? 40% of homeless is are Vets.
--- I will be buying Under Armour this year. What Nike did with this washup player is a slap in the face of every Veteran and soldier serving g in the military.
make America great again
Do Americans know that playing the National Anthem before a game/ match/ show is weird?!
OR... You could not burn perfectly good QUALITY shoes and clothing, and donate them to the homeless vets you claim are being disrespected. Since you know, youre such a patriot. I promise they wont care that its Nike.
Instead of throwing away or destroying your Nike gear, why don;t you give it to one of the millions of homeless vets you claim to care so much about.
yall can walk around in Addidas or Under Armour, country first. MAGA!!
If your destroying Nike gear today let me take it to the city dump for you, it's the least I can do for all you uh Patriots... Only size 12 men's please
Nike Promotes Kneeling THUG Colin Kaepernick for Campaign VIA So tired of Millionaire Thugs whining and making my net for disrespecting our great Country!
Everyone whos boycotting Nike needs to take a minute and realize what has done, no matter what your belief is. Not that many people have the guts to do what he did, so honor that the man has the courage to do that, even though he knew what'll happen.
to do list:1. Donate Nike gear to homeless shelters2. Switch to other American sportswear companies (, )3. Divest from mutual funds w/ stock4. "SHORT" NIKE STOCK** Only a suggestion. I'm not a licensed adviser.
The : For when you don't understand the difference between our flag and the American ideals it symbolizes.
and his message As for the , I respect that, but theres a little message for you here too. Id also like to add that I find it highly disrespectful to sell/buy food and alcohol during the National Anthem!
What did you do to make the world a better place Daddy?I burned my shoes son, I burned my shoes like a true American hero
Sometimes I wish America could be the sensible country chuckling from afar. ?
People burning shoes cuz of kap... If you don't like Nike how about you donate those shoes to the veterans "you care about" instead you're burning them and saying it's for the country when this isn't what it's about.
How does want to boycott if he doesnt even own a pair?Sit down country boy.
at least make your fake outrage look respectable
For all you sneaker burners out there; if you get really close to the sneakers while they are burning and you inhale deeply you will totally own the libs. Breathe deep patriots.
For me, this is not a or an . That would imply something temporary. I am DONE with anti-American people.This is
And instead of ruining your already bought Nike stuff, why not donate it to one of the millions of homeless vets you claim to care so much about?
Enemy within-Hollywood movie Neil Armstrong biopic 'First Man' deliberately leaving out American flag in moon landing. -CIA and Iranian President hailing Nike awarding Colin Kaepernick for disrespecting American flag
To all you DICK HEADS that are burning your nike shoes there are plenty of homeless vets that need shoes! You can donate them you slap dicks! Only in America can mofos be so stupid that they fuck up a boycott . Much love !!!! Do you thing!
you call yourself an American company? This latest ad with being the face of Nike ~ well my family will NEVER buy another Nike product. I hope the American Government does not supply our troops with your products.
Instead of burning your Nike clothing and shoes, give them to your fellow homeless veterans that y'all fake care so much about.
Shout to my Friend, Brother, and Fellow Poet It's a Pleasure and Honor to introduce his latest piece of Art to you all! Now Available on Ebook!
Yall could be giving your Nike clothes to homeless vets, but instead youd rather burn them or throw them away.
In capitalist America, the trolls feed you.
As a vet I'll continue to wear Nike. I like their stance and my discount.
No opinion on the or decision, but perhaps rather than destroy things, you can help a homeless vet or low-income high school kid? You can still get rid of it, but help someone in need in the process
Make sure yall take that money and give back to the homeless veterans yall pretend to care about. Dont want your cover to slip
I don't like boycotts, never have but the great thing is everybody can do what they wish in America.
Interesting how honors a COWARD rather than a real HERO.
Americans shouldnt breed.
If Colin Kaepernick had been in a Hormel Chili ad, all those fake patriots taking part in the would face quite the conundrum.
Manager 1: "How can we lose millions?"Manager 2: "Dozens of millions..."Manager 3: "Hundred of millions..."Manager 4: "Billions, possibly"Chief Manager: "Let's hire "You get what you deserve
Hey This is Police Officer Chris Amoroso. This is the last picture of him alive. After he brought this woman to safety he ran back into the South Tower of the World Trade Center when it collapsed. This is a true HERO, True sacrifice!
Wow! for campaign, proving Americans really do love America.
If you destroy your Nike gear instead of donating it to homeless veterans who would gladly accept it, do not EVER again try to claim that you care more about the veterans than Colin Kaepernick does.
heres why I think the Nike deal is GREAT! & why those who oppose it are un-American!
It's pretty disappointing that your be slogan thinks Kaepernick "sacrificed" everything regarding his how many million dollar contract by disrespecting the flag. Maybe if you could talk to all of military men/women that actually have "sacrificed" everything!!
((so rather than donating Nikes to Veterans in need of simple things such as a good pair of shoes, these mouth breathers are burning and throwing them away. Yeah I can tell yall definitely care about veterans... ))
Truthfully didnt deserve that
We the Silect Majority draw a LARGE LINE IN THE SAND when Corporations and those whos message they promote like Kaeps are backed by anti American Shiite Law Totalitarians like Mahmoud Ahmadinejad who would like to eradicate our way of life
MAN!!!! We luv you!!!!! I keep a fresh pair of Nike on my feet a greasy pair of Nike flip flops and socks an I will continue too b/c Nike has proven its integrity
$NKE The Earning report for Nike comes out in a few weeks. The stock is gonna shoot up to $90 per share At the end of the month. One thing Americans love more that their Anthem + Flag is their money... think about it.
An idea for conservatives: why not instead of destroying your clothes and shoes, you donate them to the homeless veterans you claim to care so much about?
I was more upset when Corey Feldman dropped the American flag on The Today Show.
Socks that say "Kill the Pigs"...or something similar...isn't a respectful demonstration. Neither is demonstrating during the National Anthem.
People in the military fight for a country that barely fights for them. Otherwise, why do veterans end up in the streets? If your was about veterans, youd be donating you Nike stuff to veterans, not burning it.
Sorry , any company that endorses , a guy that wears these socks deserves a
Im 1 of 350M Americans. My opinion is as small as this period.
¿Qué mejor forma de representar patriotismo y nacionalismo, que quemando productos Nike cual pirómano aristócrata? Agh...estoy perdiendo la fe en la humanidad.
Anyways.. while we are talking about this thing, I want to remind you that there are around 40,000 homeless veterans in America. Also, our president attacked a gold star family and POWs.
Great. They can put anyone they want.They can also shove their products up their a*sses liked America when we made them what they are. Now they offended HALF of the country.
I will never buy anymore Nike product don't care if is on sale. We need to keep up with boycott to show Nike we are done with their products, since they are anti-American company
- dunno why everyone is in a lather about , a country's is made up you know.Keep your NIKES - Keep SMILING.
The shows how stupid so many Americans are! If u care more about bs propaganda outrage over whats happening to human beings from police violence. Or how ‘s an & withholding vital info on 4
Did you know gives a military discount?! Hope you haters gave your Nike gear to a homeless vet instead of burning your feet off.
American Alternative is
People fake love & be fake mad about veterans and active service members
IronicAlso well done!!! Military discount available online for Nike products Boycott the
We STAND for the FLAG!!!We also spend money with patriots!!! Ask , what happens when you stand with liberalism!
How about instead of burning all your Nike gear ... donating it to homeless veterans ?
Hotep! guess the low-info (groupie of Putin) voters wanted their own version of Kristall Nacht by called ‘Nike Knight as a result of Trump (confederate) propaganda... instead of burning crosses/people the neo-confederate burns NIKE products(no donations to VETS?)
People will throw away/burn shoes & clothes before even considering donating them to the veterans they claim to care so much about. !! This has nothing to do with taking a knee!
fill Corporate with tennis shoes and American flags
Nike made a BIGGGGG mistake! You picked a disrespectful PUNK for the face of your product. WHAT are you thinking?
I believe our Fallen Heroes have sacrificed everything. They deserve our respect. Find another way to convey your message.
I am troubled by some so called conservatives that seem to be more upset about people burning their shoes than they are about people burning the American flag.
Will  And its owners find a way out of new contract for uniforms & other gear in this years contract since
great that and other corps get political. Optimistic that it will break the echo chambers. Eg people will realize that half of the country thinks differently and thats all good
So pigs on socks is ok? Total disrespect for all men and women that volunteer to protect you.
Ok if you're going to do the please send your sneakers, clothes, etc. to the nearest VA or homeless person. Got these men/women without clothes so, why not donate it? You already gave NIKE your money so why not do some good to the veterans and homeless with it? Smh
Listen Im all for child labor in Asia but Colin Kaepernick is where I draw the line.- America, September 2018.
People will throw away/burn shoes & clothes before even considering donating them to the veterans they claim to care so much about. ?
Nike has a strange definition of sacrifice. Then again, true heroes dont wear running shoes.
never buying from you again. Good luck selling shoes in flyover country. Im also sure your shareholders are thrilled for their company to be needlessly politicized.
while i am patriotic and believe you should stand and give moment to the national anthem (especially when your get way overpaid than our military) i do believe that burning your shoes is not the answer, but wouldnt make a statement.
Instead of burning your nike shoes , shirts etc....try to give it to the homeless veterans you say you care for.
For those burning Nike shoes and cutting up and throwing out clothes, how about choosing a more productive approach and donate them?There are many shelters available for homeless Veterans, battered women & children that need things & don't have the luxury to waste.
You can take away the superhero out of a costume but u cant take away our superpowers
ADD ANOTHER PATRIOT TO THE BOYCOTT
How about standing up for the people who made this country one where you can play football and earn enough money doing so that you'll never go without where's the gratitude
Instead of burning or cutting up your gear or even trashing it go donate it to those veterans yall care so much about
So keep them handshakes limp, clammy, and unseasoned. But only if you're a real American, of course. (Source: Howard Zinn's A People's History of American Empire)
Yo, while burning your Nike gear in honor of the veterans, remember to stop giving dap -- those handshakes that finish with a collective snap of the fingers? Yeah ... they're Kaepernick AF, at least in that "disrespecting the vets" kind of way. 1
Couldnt agree more about this! How could Nike pick this jackass that not only is disrespectful to our American flag but also to ALL the military personnel fighting and protecting this country so this jackass can play football! NOPE, I'll never buy them again!
Wonder if the will be as successful as the , the , the etc....Come to think about it the only successful boycott conservatives have managed is the of decency and true Americanism.But hey, you do you.
M'kay. Somebody didn't pay attention to the largest single day drop in stocks in the last 5 months. That non-existent demographic seemed to have a pretty big impact. Kinda like 11% drop when they decided to be anti-American.
Believing in something is great, but at the sacrifice of disrespecting something else?
Here's an idea. If you think America's veterans deserve more respect, why not donate your clothes to a veterans' charity instead of cutting them up with scissors like a dumb, spiteful little brat?
My man said instead of the and burning yall sneakers you should give them to the veterans yall swear yall care about.
I respect nike on a whole other level now....the fact that they even standing wit kap mean alot...he lost endorsements due to his decision...i know they saw this coming an still did it...an i rock air forces...im gonna take "fuck the for 100 alex" lol
To all the "patriots" that LOVE OUR VETERANS, why don't you take your Nike items to your local Salvation Army or Goodwill. No point in burning clothes when veterans are in need.
Nothing is more American than boycotting a brand by buying more of their products so you can burn them for retweets
Instead of burning gear donate it to veterans in need, since yall care so much.
Imagine if those participating in the gave their shoes and gear to all the homeless vets that they pretend to care so much about.
should take advantage of this and release some American Flag themed shoes. Will be a huge seller
Before burning your please donate to homeless vets cc and then let me know so I don't have to follow you. Thanks.
As a Retired Vet get a clue what real sacrifice is.
Is military service automatically heroic?
What yall gonna do with your American-themed Nike shit tho?
Nike... I and my company will NEVER buy your overpriced shit you sell. You are NOT American!!
Here is what a REAL Hero looks like!
Thankfully most Patriot Americans care more about America and the American flag than they do Football. .
I may not understand why Nike signed Kaep to endorse their products, but thats their decision and I respect that. However, it doesn't mean I'm stupid enough to throw away all the money I've spent on their products. I own 10+ pairs of Nike SB shoes. Y'all are crazy
Im in need of a new Nike hoodie and shoes if anyone wants to send me theirs over some boycott. Im a medium and size 9 respectively.
Could donate then 's to homeless vets instead of burning them but then again, that isnt really what you're mad at, is it?
Yeah...lets believe this lying liberal!! Now that he has no job its all about respect ??
I LOVE the new Nike Ad. Kneeling during the national anthem has NOTHING to do with disrespecting the flag.
Hey tin foilers, Instead of ripping up your pants and burning your shoes to participate in the , why not donate your apperal to disabled vets you claim to care so much about?
If you honestly think burning your already purchased Nike apparel makes a difference, youre a fucking idiot. Why not donate your unwanted clothing and shoes to the veterans youre supposedly so proud of and trying to defend?
isnt inspiring or sacrificing everything for something he believes in... and he isnt a hero. Hes a disrespectful moron of the highest order.Officer Chris Amoroso, amongst others, is the real hero., youve royally misjudged this one.
I mean thats why yall mad so donate it to the homeless veterans
The media are attracted to scum like flies to Not your mothers democrat party. BE WEARY AMERICA
has decided to give the finger to a huge group of Americans. I hope their sales tank.
Rather than burn or destroy Nike products donate the items to the Homeless Vets or other homeless individuals.
How about instead of countering the by purchasing more products from a giant corporation we help get progressives elected to actually make the country better for everyone?
I looooooove reading all these hurt tweets over . People that dont donate to vets and arent vets, upset over Nike ALLEGEDLYdisrespecting vets by siding with Colin. Lmao mental illness. Has big mouth Toni London said anything yet?
showing how stupid so many Americans are
seems like a good time to say: can we stop acting like vets are somehow worth more then everyone else? They aren't. They aren't deserving of special treatment, and being a vet doesnt make their opinion any more meaningful.
Deplorables have as much a grasp on how boycotts work as they do patriotism.
U dumb participating in the should be donating 2 Veterans or Homeless people! No worries I'm gonna purchase the 1st of many pair!
The people who are destroying their gear are also the ones who think they speak American.
Is... is that a Nike swoosh on the tank top of Americas other First Lady?! Set fire to Ivanka and Jared to own the Libs!
We already knew that all those numskulls who thought kneeling was disrespectful were idiots
It would be nice if the republicans who are so worried about the homeless veterans would donate their clothes instead of burning them.
Instead of throwing ya nike gear away how bout u donate it to millions of veterans u pretend to care about?
All these americans be like then be seen watching they nba team in the latest NIKE jersey lol
Yall burning your clothes to make a statement. Meanwhile, someone doesnt even have clothes to wear. This is why America is so fucked up.
thinks he sacrificed everything. Did he 1) immigrate from another country 2) serve in the military 3) get killed in action? My friend and comrade SFC Tung Nguyen did. This Hero sacrificed EVERYTHING.
Buried in this is Nike has alienated its golf market. Golf has few woke issue djours consumers. The golf demo has Americas most buying power.
Dear people,Instead of burning your apparel take them to a local VA, or vet center. Or donate to vet programs, or to homeless vets.....Heck DM me I'll take them....Send them to me and I'll donate them to Vet centers around me.
Fake patriots
did you burn your trump T-shirts when the moron in chief disrespected a real hero in Sen. McCain? Did you defend Sen McCain? I dont see videos of maga hats being burned!
PLEASE, BURN YOUR SHOES WHILE WEARING THEM!FORGET ABOUT DONATING A PAIR TO HOMELESS VETSFORGET THE SALVATION ARMY, GOODWILL, & 3RD WORLD COUNTRIESFORGET ABOUT ANY GOOD COMING FROM THE ONLY GOOD IS TIKI TORCH MOFOS BEING DISABLED FOREVER!!!
When will American veterans have decent healthcare?
Nice touch with the anthem in the back ground. GOD BLESS AMERICA.
Burning Nike gear will do absolutely nothing to get homeless veterans off the streets.
This wasnt popular in America either.
So yall are doing a yet cant help the I find Americans funny wanna be so proud and say kneeling is disrespectful yet won't do anything to help make it make sense
Im a VETERAN if you wanna BURN Your NIKE apparel (They also own Jordan) please send them to ME! I wear size 11 shoes they also own Converse. If yall wont wear NIKE I proudly will & I know many other Veterans & Service Members that would LOVE some NIKE stuff
look for a real hero! This sob is not one!
Shout out to all the people Burning their Nikes if you care so much about the country, why not make it Great and give them to someone less fortunate than yourself?
Hey! stupid Americans, please donate your Nike apparel to Venezuelans. Have you seen the inflation rate over there?
Now donate your shoes to the veterans and homeless.
We will finally see more in America! Thank you
I am a U.S. veteran who will boycott and the two brands that I have loved for nearly 4 decades.
Im not here to argue politics. Im here to make an ethical stand. Burning items homeless vets are desperate for isnt patriotic. Its selfish.
Hey, all you morons burning perfectly good gear Send me your size 13s and XL shirts. Unless they have the American flag on them, you can keep those.
Hi my name is Jennifer, a Navy Veteran, & I'm not boycotting anything. raised awareness in a NON-violent manner; I'd stand next to him kneeling any day. Please donate unwanted gear to a homeless shelter/person instead of destroying it.
Whats wrong with America???People like ???
we are sick of people who kneel for the Anthem and people who disparage our police officers. Therefore, boycotting for making such a stupid unpatriotic campaign with you should be ashamed.
What I think is that its a REALLY bad idea to make most of America hate your company..
All patriotic Americans should boycott Nike.
They deserve it
Nike is self destructing. First they ruined the level playing field in college athletics and now they are taking this anti American position.
Have u ever worn a tshirt w/the American flag on it? YOU r disrespecting the flag! It's against the rules! This has never been about the flag or Veterans! Can't wait to get more
.Who is the real hero in all of this.
is proof that Americans care too much about shit that really doesnt matter
Let's see their bottom line 3 months from now. This an insult to all Americans. When you are at work the boss makes the rules. You are paid to do a job.
Hello...Active Duty Air Force Veteran here. Please donate your Nike clothing to the less fortunate instead of burning it... if youre honestly that pissed.
if you're participating in the you have to smash your tv when you see a nike logo or you're not a real patriot, these are the rules
- This is what a REAL hero looks like. I am taking a knee and burning any Nike products I have. Let the begin.
Google Nate Boyer then come tell me how Collin is disrespecting our flag or troops
Certain Americans like burning stuff- Beatles' records, crosses, tiki torches and now that they paid for!
American patriots would donate their Nike's, not destroy them.
P S A Dear - This military brat stands with you both
No...you sacrificed nothing. This is the TRUE hero!
U don't want your then donate them. said it and I agree. Plenty of homeless veterans & homeless people need clothes & shoes. Show that u care about human life more than fabric. I stand with and I F*** with . F*** your
Act like a patriot for once
- and I am going to make sure my grandchildren know Nike is an America hating company. That will be decades of blowback.
Y'all are some of the most temper tantrum having ass children over this Nike shit. You ALREADY GAVE THEM YOUR MONEY destroying your shoes and socks instead of donating them to the homeless vets you fake care about. Have a seat
Before you burn those nikes, maybe donate them to people... or ... i dont know.. VETERANS who are in need. Anyways, Have a nice day
os brancos americanos tudo se doendo kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
Follow these fine patriots -- comment & RT for more followers
No real American should purchase any Nike junk -first if all -it is overpriced crap - second - Nike is a big part of the leftist Progressive Agenda bent on transforming America to a socialistic hellhole-BOYCOTT NOW
Keep shining , I posted a new article everyone including some information on African American Veterans.
AS IF RURAL AMERICAN TRUMPERS BUYING NIKE ON THE REGULAR...LMFAO MAYBE SKECHERS OR CROCS WOULD BE PROGRESS!
How these Americans look to me....
All you hypocrites that constantly talk about people being unpatriotic there shouldn't be one homeless hungry Vet anywhere in this country. Instead of y'all tweeting about a boycott that will not affect Nike at all get up your ass and phones and go help them!
army not give shit earn get duck out behind front 5 major cadet veteran Mark Anthony bizzelle rotc Trenton state college technical ceticate asbestos I left got trade Booker t Washington
Guess what brand I'm going to avoid when I take my son shopping for his cross-country shoes this week?
lmao some idiot said that's why I only wear Converse ... you fucking dumbass. This country is embarrassing!
A lot of people dont even know what the word patriotism mean! Go ahead and burn your socks,shoes and Jerseys in which you paid for
If youre participating in the please at least donate your shoes/apparel to those in need. Regardless of opinion on the matter might as well help others including homeless veterans.
like army rank I do Mark Anthony bizzelle th st how I know even if you run to someone it meet Mark Anthony bizzelle requirement in or our circle mangt
.... respect the flag
It appears 's decision to let America-hater represent them was less a marketing coup, and more of a self-immolation.
Instead of burning shoes or trashing them, why don't you donate them to homless Veterans, the ones you claim to care about?
Americans are off their rockers. I'm so glad I live here and not there. There's unrest and struggle here but there's pure hate there.
Proud to wear  today. "I can think of nothing more American than to peacefully stand up, or take a knee..."
While some in America watch the , or complain about , people still die at the rate of about 1 per second. Most die without Christ. God send laborers into the harvest!
. Leave those Nike sneakers in the trash where they belong. Respect the American flag.
This country is so backwards on what a hero-humanitarian is!! Its like we live in the twilight zone!
Where was all this conservative rage about disrespecting the military when Trump disrespected McCain or when he disrespected a Gold Star Family?
These MAGA thugs are burning they own shit. Have they no respect for themselves??
Their Country asses don't matter.
There are other people who deserve their promotional image Nike does not have to be Colin Kaepernick is a bad influence.
fuck g lie Dre thrown 0ver 14 years ago I man going to do myself I do not want yall no one afro American man in the club mark anthony bizzelle
Burning your apperal is stupid and pointless if you care so much you can donate them to the homeless veterans you see everyday on the street since y'all so worried about them
Hate -but don't -Donate 2 homeless shelters/Salvation Army
Colin Kaepernick is a bad example that's why his image of the 30 years should not be for disrespecting the national anthem.
Hey meatheads - if you really care, instead of burning or ruining your already purchased gear, why don't you do something positive like donating to a homeless veteran?
Yall can enjoy your Ive been buying for years anyways. That said, dont forget the principles this country was founded on
NFL, NBA and MLB uniforms I know yall hottt
So, if folks are so upset about disrespecting our military & burn their Nike "Air Force" 1's, are they disrespecting the military?
This is how smart people are. They've already given their money. Rather than donate their shoes to, say, homeless veterans, they do something like this.Six months down the road when they realize they want another pair of Nikes, guess who gets more $$$
So if you respect our law enforcement and military, that automatically makes you a redneck??
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa TRAITORS TO AMERICA!
Hey ,This is a hero . This is what sacrificing everything looks like .
Nike has made a clear statement, Screw America. Send Nike a clear statement, Screw Nike.
Instead of burning it, why not donate that Nike gear to the homeless Vet population you pretend to care so much about?
Ya really setting your Nike gear on fire. Ungrateful mfs in America.
Forget the . America needs a . This administration is a sham. Why are we funding them?!
Pat Tillman:-thought the war was illegal-didn't believe in God, but researched multiple religions including Islam-killed by fellow soldiers
Pat Tillman:-thought the war was illegal-didn't believe in God, but researched multiple religions including Islam-killed by fellow soldiers
Welp... is banned for life. Starting with every police department in the country, all the way down to ALL rec sports in my town. Soccer, baseball, softball, football... no Nike allowed on the field ever again.
Please RT. This image is awesome. Give your unwanted items to homeless vets
Pat Tillman:-thought the war was illegal-didn't believe in God, but researched multiple religions including Islam-killed by fellow soldiers
Dear Mr President ,You should try these. Very comfortable and Patriot. Our President Marcelo loves them, never travels abroad without them. I can give you very good price.
All you morons are doing is giving Nike incredible advertising opportunities with all of your posts of burning shoes and cut up shirts. If you stopped your hate for a minute you might actually see we have a problem in America that people are trying to fix.
Lol while yall destroying what you bought donate it to the veterans you claim you care about! I served this country you so called patriots only become patriots when it's convenient
Don't let Kavanaugh 's session or the distract you from the fact that Israel wants America to take out Syria and Iran for them
Instead of burning your clothes and shoes, how about you give them to a homeless vet?
Goodbye Hello Never buying :nik: again, and throwing out all the trash today. What has the world come to? Please Stand Up America!
Hey here is a true hero who gave all !
- your stock is down 3% today. You are going to pay a price for your irresponsible decision and the sad part is, your American workers are going to pay the price.
Funny how Country Folk saying they wont be buyin any more Nike. Last I heard they dont sell em at Cavenders or Boot Barn.
Your anti-patriotism is showing.
If Nike's decision has upset you.. instead of temper-tantrum burning all your shit.. Donate it to a Homeless VET.. I can almost guarantee they don't care about a logo.
As a proud Nike whore, I find this funny. First of all theyre one of the few elite brands I can think of that accept military discounts. So they do more for vets than most of yall sock burners will ever do. But go ahead & boycott. More stuff for me to buy
Pat Tillman:-thought the war was illegal-didn't believe in God, but researched multiple religions including Islam-killed by fellow soldiers
- Buy - MADE PROUDLY IN AMERICA!!!
The Boyscotts of America
-ers: I'm going to stop wearing Nike clothing and shoes. I'll only wear all American brands like Converse and Hurley now!Me:
So, apparently Colin Kaepernick is supposed to remain unemployed for the rest of his life. You no good bastards make me sick. Take your and shove it. Thanks Nike, deserves this and more. !
Blind Patriotism/Nationalism at all cost? Is this who we've become?
This is lame where is the he had a deal with 2. I wanna see burning corvettes and trucks lol
I better not see ONE you conservatives or anti-Nike people even getting down on one knee to ask your girl to marry you!! Or ima start your ass on fire for disrespecting your girl like that bro wtf is wrong with you treating your woman that way!!???
Im out of the country, internet is ass here and im trying to stay in the loop.. why we boycotting Nike now??
Im sure a homeless vet would love your gently worn shoes, warm socks, and long sleeve shirts for this coming winter. Or you know, burn them.
NOT HAPPENING!! Much respect STAND for SOMETHING or FALL for ANYTHING!
New Balance...made in America...excepts those that arent.
Amazing that the league and multiple companies have completely alienated at least one half of the country. The half with jobs.
~Goodbye to buying my FAV Victory brand Nike by the truckload! Along w/choosing Anti-American Kaepernick as their faceman, there's tons of OTHER reasons to stop buying Nike-TONS!!!
If Nike can stand up for something, then why cant the American people. Its okay not to like what liberals love.
Replace this as your profile image if you love America!
Brilliant move by - lots of disgruntled Conservative, middle-aged Americans that will "never buy Nike again" and will talk about it for months. DUHHH..that's what they wanted. A brand doubling down on their youngest demographic. Chess.
Why burn or destroy good shoes when vets, kids and others are in need? They dont care about your first-world problems and BS political statements. Sheeple need to stop reacting and start thinking more. Stupid
Ordering new LaCosse stuff today. FU Nike. You dont respect me or
Instead of burning your gear, give it to a homeless veteran, since youre a proud patriot.
New Balance, made in America by Americans. Screw anti-American Nike.
Nike for showing honesty and truth at a time when it is needed in this country!
Before these losers start boycotting and burning their apparel maybe they should donate it to the homeless vets that they pretend to give a shit about.
To anyone wanting to destroy their Nike gear, here's a really nifty idea. Why not donate it to our veterans instead?? If you're really for our vets, why not give to those that are in need instead of tearing up a product that Nike already got your money for??
Not shocked. With all of Nikes sweatshops they can relate to CKs UNAMERICAN ways
To those upset with b/c they think kneeling during the is disrespectful to the troops: please remember that the liberties we all enjoy werent purchased alone by military personnel.
Anybody really participating in proves why we have the dumbest people in the world in are country
Conservatives on Nike/Kaepernick: The silent majority will destroy your company!Reality: Not even the plurality of the American electorate will throw a hissy fit, burn some shoes they already bought, and Nike will be unharmed financially.
Pat Tilman is a HERO. Not Kaepernick.
While y'all are burning your gear don't forget to pick up your tiki torch, your clansmen hood, and make America great again hat on the way out the door
RESPECT
Dear ,Perhaps instead of throwing your money away by burning your shoes, you could donate them to homeless vets? The ones you pretend to care about? This one's for you, , and for all who display their hearts on their knees
What real Americans know to be true
how about a real hero?
AmeriKKKan patriotism is so gross lol
Please donate your unwanted NIke shoes and apparel to charities who assist our veterans. Thank you.
the intention was to provoke,provoke they did. now i tell my fellow third world countrymen not to spend 80,90 dollars on the provocateur.
PEOPLE! dont burn or damage your shoes... you between 10-10.5 ill pay the shipping for your shoes ****ONLY is there are not dad shoes****** DM me a pic of them before.. lol cant be more proud of an american company stepping up
Instead of burning Nikes how about you give them to a homeless veteran. You know the ones that yall claim to care about so much. Food for thought.
Wanna show respect to a veteran? Burn your MAGA apparel instead
Why is there a when there are people in THIS country who dont have power (Puerto Rico), dont have food, dont have adequate healthcare etc.? Why do we care so much about stuff like this? Stuff in which we dont even benefit from?
shares dropping today is priceless to see:) Go ahead & make this Anti American> Ur poster boy. And we will teach you what we are in the process of teaching the too?
Nike does not respect the lives that were sacrificed domestically or abroad. Fuck Nike!
Maybe someone on the View could mention the current shoe drive to collect & distribute shoes for while "patriots" burn them.
F *** Nike F *** the NFL and F *** every damm sick liberal in this country !
this hashtag showed me that people are sensitive and want nothing to do with a man doing whats best for him .... some country we have here
Make america smell of scorched trainers again?
Dear brigadeNike is global most of the world doesn't give a f**k if Americans stand, kneel or squat while listening to anthems.
try this is a hero!
Replace this as your profile image if you love America!
RUN THIS NIKE. That's a true person to respect!
's position on is an honorable one. The seems reactionary and not well thought out. AND
I stand firmly with and as an African american disabled veteran that can't find a job to save my life or feed myself while these so called patriotic folks are with this and burning items they already bought. already profited
Purchasing my first Nike products ever. Not a lib but a patriot..Trump should have bought a pair of Nikes when he avoided the draft with the claim of bone spurs
done will never purchase your uniforms again
Instead of throwing away your Nike gear, Give it to one of the millions of homeless Veterans yall fake care about
If you dont stand for something youll fall for anythingA True hero
This is a real hero.. Not Kaperdick..
In honor of the Nike campaign, Ill be wearing my Nike Air Force Ones for the entire day! sReal
is good, but not good enough. If we ever do have a war with China, not only will we have to fight the traitors within like Kaepernick, we'll have to do it barefoot. Buy American.
Where was all the vitriol when Trump wouldn't fly the flag he claims to love so much at half staff, for a veteran they claim to love?
All the veterans keep asking why aren't you fake outraged donating your old Nike products to homeless veterans?
Get your 2018 dis the country air max 360 or kneel edition jordans now!
A sound guy and former marine, in retaliation over Nike's decision to highlight Colin Kaepernick, cut off the top of a pair of socks he already paid for proving military intelligence is indeed an oxymoron.
I'm sure I'm not the first to say this, but it seems to me if concern for veterans and the military were the priority for this , it would be more productive to donate your Nike apparel to a veterans donation program than to burn perfectly good clothing.
For the ones burning or throwing away your how about donating to the Veterans you PRETEND to care about.
Sooo stupid. Hes destroying his own shit that hes already paid for. Nike already has his money. If he doesnt want them anymore give them to some HOMELESS VETERANS. Im quite sure theyd be appreciative for them and anything else Nike.
To all the idiots participating in the why not donate your shoes and apparel to homeless vets instead of burning it? Your argument is the disrespect they are receiving from kneeling, why not help them instead of wasting valuables?
.... Since y'all are SUCH patriots....
Gonna wear these today. Proudly. Thank you for with hero
next time burn them shoes while you still wearing them since your such a patriot
Veterans make up less than 1% of the American population and nearly 1/3 of the homeless population.Instead of destroying Nike apparel, donate the items to a homeless veteran.
How about instead of burning your Nike gear go and donate it to the homeless vets you care so much about
I absolutely love all the virtue signaling idiots who are sucking Nike's dick. I never thought I'd see America's "progressives" take the side of and defend a massive corporation who operates sweatshops and has it's employees working in horrible conditions.
Side note: People who STILL think this has anything to do with veterans or the national anthem...youve completely missed the point. All I can do now is point you in the best direction. You wanna help? Then ACTUALLY help.
couldnt care if somebody stands, sits, does lunges during a national anthem. If you cared so much for your ‘vets why so many homeless and suffering with ptsd
This is not cool He should be arrested DoNot Break the Law for all Americans
Instead of destroying your Nike gear, you could give it to the veterans in need that you pretend to care about.
You'd think if the people burning their stuff really cared about troops and veterans, they'd be donating all the things they don't want to the people in need. There's no shortage of homeless veterans who'd love a "new" pair of shoes.
A , really? People are assholes. Try boycotting the fucking , FFS. America has gone backwards since the 60s, I swear.
If you thought the campaign angered the hateful, crazy people in this country, wait til the folks see the !
hey (and jim duggan and sgt slaughter) and all y'all american flag flyin' pro wrestlers-it's time to destroy your gear! if you're gonna stand for something, stand for the country that stands for the underdog god bless !
I am one of 9 grandbabies of a veteran who served the country in the 1950s also one of my in laws passed a few years ago also served this ungrateful country . They were NOT taken care of when it mattered ..THAT is actual disrespect . Yall dont care about Troops
Pat Tillman made the ultimate sacrifice for a count he believes in.Colin Kapernick put his career on the line for what he believed in.Both Americans. Both followed their hearts. Donate your Nike shoes instead of burning them.
"My America" a song about the greatest country on Earth!
I will never spend another penny on and and . KRAPERNICK IS AN ANTI-AMERICAN PUNK. Ask the NFL.
Y'all can't really be this stupid can you? (Asking for my country)
If youre going to boycott Nike, instead of cutting up, burning or whatever you can think of to destroy the clothing....give it to a shelter, a homeless person, a veteran or anyone else that doesnt have the means to put even a regular t-shirt on their back!
Not understanding this one at all. Instead of destroying all these articles of clothing, youd think these people would donate them to all these homeless veterans they pretend to care about so much.
A true American hero.
is honestly fucking stupid.Yeah, go ahead and waste your money by destroying shit you could've otherwise given to the homeless veterans you claim to care so much about about.Makes sense.What a fucking joke.
What did sacrifice? That is the most offensive part of this campaign is the claim of sacrifice. His record is his resume. You want to honor sacrificing everything look at the cemeteries full of and .
I stand with Kaepernick and Nike! This man is my new hero! Hes the very definition of integrity and perseverance! We got your back, never give up!
Please do not burn or throw away your Nike shoes. If you no longer want them, please donate them to the Salvation Army or your nearest homeless shelter. Nike already has your money for those shoes, please help someone in need.
Donate all unwanted products to the HOMELESS VETERANS Y'ALL SEEM TO FORGET WHILE SCAPEGOATING ON THEM!
According to Nike the flag is not worthy of your full respect, and cops are pigs!
888-518-VETS you allegiance-pledging, anti-kneeling folks can kindly call the number above to donate your Nike apparel to homeless/injured Vietnam Veterans- the organization will come pick everything up.
So Kaepernick is the new face of ! A Law Enforcement Hater! Unbelievable! Good riddance Nike! Maybe you should have considered a Real Hero like Pat Tillman!
America is all about hate... Nike lit for this. I love this
So, America. How are you progressing with the children locked up in cages, the rebuilding of Puerto Rico's infrastructure, and the many actions of the traitor currently sitting in the highest office? Don't get distracted from the bigger picture.
Happy to say Im trolling those stupid Libtards at Nike by burning shoes I already bought! Stop disrespecting the flag! Sad!
The Air Monarchs dont deserve this
From one disgruntled veteran, to all of you!
I wont be participating in the . Shout out to Kaepernick for embracing capitalism & raking in corporate profit in this horribly oppressive country.
Saying your personal Vietnam isnt catching a std isnt disrespectful to the military, or attacking POWs, or attacking gold star families, or attacking military generals. None of that is disrespectful to the military. kneeling for the national anthem apparently is.
I never truly understand boycotts like the that involves you destroying shit you already bought. it serves no puprose other then to show you dont think things through
"My America" a song about the greatest country on Earth!
Signing filth to a contract shows the asskissing face of Nike, may they have fun selling their antiamerican products to communist and demoncraps LAME brains.
Labour Party loving Irishman looking for x size 11.5 from a disenchanted Patriot. FYI
is anti-American. Buy products.
Could you imagine if the Dems would takeover the WH & Congress in the future, America would become a FASCIST country.The Democrats have become totalitarians.Stalin would be proud!Kavanaugh Supreme CourtGrassley Andrew Jackson
If you plan of destroying your Nike shoes and clothes try and think of someone beside yourself and donate them to the homeless veterans you claim to care about
Faux patriots who have faux concern for child labor in other countries...
Respect the flag and Respect America.
I see Karen is angry again..hiw about instead of burning and cutting up clothes you donate them to Vets in need
buy PONY (Product Of New York) theyre pro American
To all the people boycotting Nike saying Kaepernick hasnt sacrificed anything, what have YOU sacrificed for this country?
Americans aren't wrong in this action, disrespect against the nation can't be seen as a joke.
instead of burning the shoes, why don't people give them to homeless, veterans, the less fortunate.
If y'all were real Patriots and really cared about anything you would give that gear that your so mad at to the homeless...but nooooyoy good redneck bastards are too good Todo that.. nobody cares if y'all have a
no longer going to buy Nike product until Colin kapernike is drop and an apology is issued. Nike has shown itself to be an anti American brand.
All of y'all participating in this , make sure you know all the companies Nike owns. At least you still have and . Oh, and quit burning and cutting clothing that you can donate to the homeless, incl. veterans.
Hi! Not going to burn my Nike stuff..that is really stupid. Better to donate. What I find a bit perplexing, is that the folks who bash the police dont realize that if you have respect for others and dont break laws, you will NEVER have an issue w the police.
So if any of you dumbasses have a pair of Mens size 15s you dont want, Ill take them. Or you could give them to a homeless vet or needy kid instead of destroying them to OWN DA LIBZ!!1!1!
If disrespect for the flag isn't enough & you need more reasons to join the as you .... Remember, they are doing nothing to !
why buy something at Nike who disrespect Our Military . Nike you are no longer a reputable company
I never truly understand boycotts like the that involves you destroying shit you already bought. it serves no puprose other then to show you dont think things through
So happy cares about America and took all the stuff off the shelves . Your turn !
Time to buy new training shoes... I feel as if Im burning the America Flag wearing my shoes.
For all those people that are thinking NIKE is anti-veterans.
: did you know Nikes are made by children in sweatshops?So-called patriot: there's nothing I can do about it. R: did you also know they hired Colin Kaepernick as their new spokesperson?So-called patriot: WHAT, THIS IS AN OUTRAGE!
nothing but respect for MY president.
The man got down on one knee before our flag and he did it for dman good and misjudged Americans. What the hell is the matter with you TrumpTards? is stupid AF is also stupid AF
oh and by the way....God Bless America
The shouldve began when they opened up 1 single manufacturing plant outside America. I guess theyre called sweat shops. lmao
Instead of burning and cutting your Nike clothes donate them to veterans who need them
Also Nike already got the money for the shoes and clothes. So Nike is making out with a profit, and these people are burning their $200 they already gave Nike. They don't have the mental capacity to think about donating their shoes to homeless people and vets
If yall are that sheepish to burn your gear let me know so I can block you. You are whats wrong with this country. Fuck the
Nike? What's a Nike? Isn't that the face of Anti-American radicalism?
I feel sorry for those that want to be apart of the . You rather be apart of the problem than be apart of the situation! My father, grandfather, and uncles are Army, Navy, and Marines Vets and they are proud of
Hon, the vets dont want them either. Junk is junk.
As a European waking up to , all I can say is Americans never cease to amaze me
I stand by our nation & have great respect for it, however I cannot respect and his bs alongside his disrespect to our police.
I still cannot believe that is trending in this country that I am in. Smh
at Work during this Cmon Man! WAKE UP AMERICA
in one proud American today! Love you all for this campaign!
No for me I stand for the flag and those that respect it.
Im proud of for recognizing that the courage to uphold your convictions, even under terrible pressure and personal sacrifice is an American value. Colin Kaepernick is a hero.
Hey you sucked at football and you suck as an American Citizen. I hope being a shoe salesmen works better for you!
People wanna burn they Nike gear before considering donating to the less fortunate veterans, which they claim to care so much about....
Not buying or wearing until they respect our nation.
So not even the homeless vets that have a need, u know the ones u think this is all about... lol ur Klan robe is showing
Burn Baby Burn. That includes Nike stock. Nike will have tons of shoes that don't sell. Nike should donate those to the homeless and Vets.
Nike sucks anyway. is the brand of child sweatshops, pedophiles and anti American hate speech
Problem is that most veterans would rather go naked than wear Nike.
But, kneeling before the American flag matters to though. GTFOH
If you participate in the without first shooting yourself in the face, you are not a true patriot
So - youre equating losing his job taking a knee to losing his life serving his country?!?! At least is trending.
as if the rest of the world will follow. Nike's revenue doesn't depend on America. It won't affect nobody that you've ruined your own shoes in a fit of childish anger.
The is so stupid America gotta do better frfr
Country singer John Rich blasted Nike after the company unveiled a new ad featuring former San Francisco 49rs quarterback Colin Kaepernick.
Here is what an actual hero looks like
For those burning their Nike shoes and cutting the swooshes off of socks and shorts, you know how you could really own the libs and be SUPER patriotic?Donate your unwanted Nike gear to a homeless veterans shelter.
Here we go again. Whiny snowflakes gonna drive Nike sales through the roof a la Hamilton, Keurig, etc. Idiots. Hey if you don't like Nike, take your stuff and donate to the homeless vets you claim Kaep is dissing. Hypocrites.
Be a real vet or African American shot by the hands of law enforcement Show some courage and burn those shoes while your wearing them to know the pain they went through ...
shares FALL with calls for flooding social media, after the company pledges allegiance to anti-America, anti-law enforcement radical, former football player :
get all the cool things, Republicans get fake breasts in America's divorce.
. has a great idea. Instead of trashing/burning you Nike gear, donate it to a homeless veteran since yall so patriotic
SHAME ON YOU NIKEHERE IS AMERICAS MOST VALUABLE PLAYER
"My America" a song about the greatest country on Earth!
Amen. See this see what a REAL HERO sacrifices!!!! Paying the ultimate price.
$nke fuck these anti-american companies
You burn clothes and shoes that the homeless need to send a message then claim you want to make America great again. You are the problem with America, maybe we should deport all of you doing this
all my army friends love Nike
Please! More like cuz nobody wants to live in a country where unarmed people get shot by the police.
1st you libs bitch about corporate America? Now you defend It?
Instead of burning your Nike's why don't y'all donate the shoes to the Veterans y'all republican claim to care about
general public sees Kaepernick disrespecting our National Anthem and our American Flag-no one will want to be seen in Nike shoes except liberals.
Imma keep buying my gear! They also the only ones who really still give a military discount soooooooo miss the veterans with the BS
Real sacrifice. Real heroes.
Middle America currently trying to destroy every piece of Nike clothing they own.
Instead of throwing away your Nike stuff, give it to the millions of homeless veterans yall pretend to care about
My fellow patriotic Americans who are currently participating in the I hope y'all are throwing y'alls Chuck Taylors in that fire as well b/c owns Converse too. Sucks for y'all b/c there's nothing more American than those damn Chuck Taylors
Encouring all y'all to boycott Jordan brand as well and also plz mail me (a patriot) every retro jersey & pair of concord XIs that you own, for i will burn them for you.
why dont go guys donate your NIKE gear to Vets in need instead burning them? Dont you guys like care about the troops or something?
Kap doesn't deserve all this hate
What a true HERO looks like
There are 300 million americans. And only .01 percent of them are radical liberals or republicans. Twitter makes it seem lile 300million americans are radical.
Oh lol looks like you guys ruffled some feathers....lol You guys are REALLY cutting up clothes you've ALREADY purchased?! Who is it hurting?! Try donating the clothes to the homeless veterans you SWEAR you're "boycotting" for... lol Good job Nike
Good day my fellow Amerikaners. All Amerikaner should give zeir money to ze gute German friends of Trump and ozer vite people like Adidas and Puma. Show ze evil Nike zats vot zey deserve for putting a Schwarzer Mann on a billboard!
In breaking news: botarmy of moldy guys tweeting in their sweaty underpants vow to not upgrade from their current $4 one- size-too-big clearance sneakers.
How can think is a worthy face...he got cut for performance not persona!! Bo Jackson, Michael Jordan, deserve better!!
Nike, what are thinking? An American company among others built on the lives of ordinary men who are heros who gave their time and lives so companies like Nike can succeed. This is how you repay them! Un-American
A means boycotting E. Scott Morris, who is a former Marine and veteran of the Gulf War. He now designs football shoes for NIKE. Check him out at
Kaepernick has more decency and integrity in his little toe than the ENTIRE GOP party combined
They have been paying him all along and waited until now to release this ad. ! That sound is Americans putting their wallets away!
, how bout boycotting , he boycotted an American hero, a Vietnam war vet , who did more for this country than trump ever will, get your priorities straight American to buy my new Nikes...
Hey all size 14 people: send me your shoes and I promise I will destroy them in the most incredibly patriotic, troop-respecting way possible
I think we can all agree that deserves the front page or r/MadLads
Look at my Caucasian American Look at my Caucasian American looking like a ghost without make up isnt she the greatest
Instead of burning your Nike gear why don't you donate It to the veterans you swear you care about
LMAO LOLOLOLOL!!!! TOTAL IDIOTS TANKED THEMSELVES WITH OVER 60 million PATRIOTIC AMERICANS!!! LMAO LOLOLOLOL!!!!! LMAO
. : I hope your sacred stores in your holy sanctuary no longer sell products. said it best: Since when did the American Flag and the National Anthem become offensive?
Might I suggest instead of burning them you donate them to your unwanted to your local Veterans charities? I mean, since youre so concerned about Veterans & the sacrifice they made for the flag. Heres a helpful link.
Is shorting Nike a good play? They deserve it and much more.
It's time to hit hard and stop buying anything with thier name. Let them feel the power of the consumer of the American people
FYI has a solid military discount.
This will definitely become a chapter in "Unpatriotic for Dummies."
Lol America is funny. Repubs laugh at Dems for boycotting a 5 dollar hamburger but are burning and destroying expensive clothes that they already paid for lol.
The dumbs asses of America are now starting a ? Lol! Meanwhile Ill wear my Nike gear. Heres my Tennessee Vol shoes!
Let's also boycott all those companies and brands who rudely advertise while the National Anthem is being played. It is disrespectful. DO NOT PURCHASE ANY PRODUCT THAT ADVERTISES DURING THE ANTHEM ON ANY BROADCAST OF NCAA OR NFL GAME THIS SEASON.
This Lets take care of our Vets!!!
Literally the only thing burning stuff proves is how way too many Americans replace their own identity with brands and marketing. It's embarassing for your nation, but completely in line with your system. lmao you're advertising them even more.
Dear Nike, that sound you hear is Americans putting their wallets away!
No senator deserves to be re-elected if they vote 2 confirm
If you Americans don't want your Nike gear anymore... Send it over to me in the UK
How about donating your unwanted gear to the veterans you claim to respect so much? And doesnt offer military discounts? No
Done with . My money will go to a better brand that doesn't parade hate against America or law enforcement.
I hear the owner of Jordan brand shoes is a veteran, lets buy them instead of .
It's interesting how many view kneeling during the anthem as more disrespectful to the country than police killings of innocent/unarmed people
Americans never fail to disappoint. Burning stuff theyve already payed for like Nike only makes profits from rednecks
Hey MAGA,Rather than burning or destroying your Nike shoes or clothes, go donate it to a homeless person or a veteran in need. Now thats respecting our flag.
Colin Kaepernick Gana Millones de Dólares al año.Un Policía gana 60 mil dlls al añoUno de ellos arriesgar la vida y lucha en contra de criminales a diarioEl Otro se inca durante el Himno Nacional, es protegido por policía cuando termina el Juego y ahora es Heroe
Heres your real hero who sacrificed everything.
Hey Matthew.... don't actually give a shit about . This is an empty stunt designed to make themselves feel better about the fact that they have never served anyone or anything but themselves
Burning my red robe. Grassley and the Republicans are disrespecting the flag by making a mockery of the Supreme Court confirmation process for a president who undermines the rule of law.
I don't think we need to go so low as to publicly call for a boycott (like leftists did of ) but can't we have someone who has truly sacrificed? How about a war veteran? A single mom working two jobs? A legal immigrant who came & did something great?
While I dont agree with sitting during the anthem, Nike isnt disrespecting the flag by putting a football player there who disrespected the flag in a way.
Nike lost $250 million of stock value at the opening bell.. keep selling patriots
Repost Before you burn your Nikes, why dont you consider donating them to those homeless veterans you pretend to care about?
The hard thing about whats happening in America, like the is that you really see people for who they are when you see the stance they take. People you have known for years: coworkers, neighbors, FRIENDS- you realize that you really didnt KNOW them at all.
Tell me how Nike is anti veteran and anti America when they give veterans discounts
Sickening. I will throw away all my Nike gear this morning...and I have a lot of it... and I will buy gear from a competitor. Im about to go for a run so Ill tape over the logos. The stores arent open yet. Great way to add to this polarized country Nike.
Nike does not understand is how many Shoes grandparents purchase for their grandkids. Ant no more Nike, dumb thing to do. Very unpatriotic
RT korimargarett: People will throw away/burn shoes & clothes before even considering donating them to the veterans they claim to care so much about. ?
lives matter, get that shit out of here, I love my nikes, and my country but hey to each there own, the funny thing is I dont even watch football( oh no unamerican) what the f ever. Oh wait I own firearms to, oh nos,
Wait so what is this supposed to do? It does nothing unless we get the problem out of the presidency. Why look for a way to distract yourself from what's actually happening? Donate your Nike's to veterans instead of destroying them.
People trying to guilt others that are doing the by shaming them for not giving them to vets or less fortunate but has anyone offered to buy the Nike products from the people boycotting ? Nah
Will not be buying Nike anymore for those who cannot respect our flag.Likes the money not the country
Instead of destroying a perfectly good pair of shoes/clothing how about you donate them to a homeless vet? Try thinking stuff through instead of having a knee jerk reaction.
Dont burn them. Donate those ugly shoes to our veterans. Then dont buy them. EVER!
Time for me to switch brands. FU Nike. You have no respect for the or the Fans.
All this over & is laughable. Instead of you idiots burning your Apparel , why don't you donate them to the homeless veterans you claim to care so much about?
Hey guys...I know there are homeless, vets and children who can't afford shoes or clothing...but lets burn all this quality merchandise to make ourselves feel powerful...arggggg
It's SO annoying that people still believe Kaepernick kneeled to disrespect the flag and country. He didnt. Watch this. Be informed.
Instead of throwing away your nike shoes/clothing etc.. how about you give them to some of the millions of homeless or needy veterans you all FAKE CARE ABOUT!!
Not suicidal but Im going to find a new brand probably LaCosse Place a big order including news tennis shoes & throw out my Nike stuff FU Nike. I pick Respect for the & the Fans over you.
donate you're clothes to veterans.
I love it. Before you burn your stuff, donate it. Kids need clothes, not and vets need clothes as well. Let them live from your ignorance and have .
Boycotting a sneaker company is dumb. Take the penis out of your butthurt asses. Instead of burning your shoes how about giving them to a homeless vet in your neighborhood? Contradicting assholes.
But yall are so patriotic GTFOH
Does not deserve 2 b re-elected if she votes 2 confirm We will lose if she votes to confirms him.
To the dumbass ruining there Nike products how bout giving those clothes to the homeless military veterans out there.
You know who told Kaepernick to kneel? A veteran. You all sound like inbreds.
Patriotic consumers are not only burning their Nike merchandise, they are also "burning" Nike Stock...
Nike is now a communist, America-Hating Brand. Goodbye Nike! Enjoy selling overpriced shoes to lower income folks who should be spending their money on something else.
So the best Nike can do is honor a guy who gave it all not a soldiered other real come the brothers were not complaining when Tiger got the dumped
Good luck with your over . Im sure your whining and fake patriotism while wearing your NASCAR hat is really going to get multi-billion dollar multinational Nike to change their mind. But please, keep it up.
No senator deserves to be re-elected if they vote 2 confirm
Dear shareholdersThere are over 320 MILLION Americans.How many of them played for the NFL in socks that depicted Police officers as Pigs?Youre gonna wish you sold your stocks sooner, rather than later
The only thing thats been sacrificed, was WINS for the 49ers. He was a garbage player and his direspect for our flag is garbage.
Been a Nike buyer since childhood, I now see Nike hate our soldiers who have died for this country. never again
To all the snowflakes that are offended by ; before you destroy your apparel, please consider donating to homeless veterans instead. You know, since you care so much about them.
Maybe instead of destroying clothing, he shouldve donated them to homeless veterans...you know..the ones you respect so much.
We are America!!!
Damn proud of you Nike. Wish there were more corporations that had the courage to speak out against Trump, the NFL and whover.America has always been great and you make her greater.Howard
Imagine trying to look a legless vet in the eye after he sees Nikes on your feet.
So you're going to burn your shoes over this?!Your feelings are hurt over this?!You insist be unemployed and shunned over this?!When did America become so fragile and weak?
It is more disrespectful to the American Flag to put it on a pair of shoes than it is to kneel during the anthem.
To all trump voters before you burn your , please Dm me so I can give you my address. They are so many vets who walks around in Dc and have noward to sleep. I can give it them. If you really care about Vets give it to them.
I was raised Catholic. When did kneeling become disrespectful? Answer: NEVER.
is a big trend currently, and the more people hate them... The more I love the company and all it stands for! Fuck the haters! keep doing what you're doing, my respect has increased 10 fold for you!
- $NKEWhat's next for - jockstraps, vibrators, "America Was Never Great" hats? as a spokesperson is . too.
Nike wants to promote anti American rhetoric while reaping the benefit of Trumps America first economy. Shameful.
Colin Kaepernick wore anti-police clothing, hated his country, and all of this was on top of him being a terrible (1W 10L as a starter) QB.The has already shaved $350M in market cap off of Nike's stock. Virtue signaling isn't something large companies should do!
Dear people. As a proud military Mom Im hoping you will head to poshmark and list your items. I adore their sweatpants and Im stocking up for winter. So hurry up now.
Mayday! Mayday! Tennis shoe war is on in America.... from my location on , I can clearly report that the Libs commanded by General of th brigade is slaughtering the zombies.
All you Patriots that are cutting up & burning your Nike stuff PLEASE put on your New Balances and go DONATE it to help out those homeless Veterans youre always referring too.
There are better reasons to . Americans first world problems.
Dump NIKE America
wake me up when all you offended people actually help the veterans you care so much about!!
Whats more important? Shoes or standing, to show respect to the American Flag.
Ill be wearing my shoes proudly and will definitely be pulling the trigger on a new pair Ive been eyeing the last month or so. has definitely shown how hateful America has become under
Bought these joints 3 months ago from a Nike outlet and havent worn em yet. In honor of the I will be rocking em today.
hey people boycotting join Qanon many are American patriots who love their country and national anthem and trump this is the join the Q generation
Exactly!Frederick Douglass, Martin Luther King... they would never have taken a knee; what they instead did was call on America to live up to her ideals! They were great Americans!
Dear Dumbass Nike marketing dept: I don't think the word "everything" means what you think it means. Signed--every surviving family member of a cop or soldier killed in the line of duty.
postura do novo garoto propaganda Colin Kaepernick é um belo resumo da lógica esquerdista americana: mesmo podre de rico, acredite que você está sendo perseguido, assim como outros "oprimidos". Ataque o hino, a bandeira e a polícia em nome da sua ideologia podre.
so disrespectful to our soldiers!
Dont really have a problem with kneeling....... have a problem with people who are pieces of shit and dont respect the flag.
If you own any apparel and want to get rid of it, here's how to find your closest Salvation Army location: want to be a "Patriot" and help homeless vets? Do something that matters.
Onda de americanos convoca boicote à gigante NIKE com . Em razão do apoio a um atleta da NFL que rejeita o hino e a bandeira. O sujeito até apoiado pelo Ahmadinejad foi. Proliferam imagens de pessoas jogando fora produtos NIKE...
This is America
For real boycott them if you want, but dont burn or throw this stuff away, donate them to the shelters and to the homeless and our veterans that are homeless. Like if youre gonna be a dumbass, please atleast be a smart dumbass.
Instead of burning your Nike gear like an asshole, try donating it to homeless veterans
(4 of 5), R U going 2 put pigs in cop uniforms on your clothing now, wore those socks so well! Repulsive! Shameful!
You guys are literally burning your stuff & there are people that dont have any shoes or clothes. But wait, why are you doing this? Bc a dude stood up for what he believed in. Great job America..Stop being a little bitch and wining about first world problems
(3 of 5) sacrificed nothing- he was an overpaid, average talent who made himself relevant to 1 demographic & chose 2 disrespect the symbol of what real heroes actually sacrificed 4!
This isn't about disrespect for the flag. I see the flag flown at night without lights (disrespecting the flag) flown in the rain (disrespecting the flag) worn as a fashion statement (disrespecting the flag) and flown when faded and tattered (disrespecting the flag)
Proud to have served knowing that I fought for people like your the definition of brave and selfless. well played, respect earned I think NOT!
you are not "sticking" it to anyone. You want to help a veteran, do something. Burning your gear does nothing, except make you look stupid.
Yeah if half you people cared about veterans, you'd do something an out them being not boycott nike or tear the swoosh off you guys are pointless when the stance of of him has nothing to do with them. Don't waste money on Nikegear to destroy it, donateit
Salute to my nike and my nigga Kaep always been my nigga since he brought my team to the super bowl but they did him dirty man always respected what he was doin tho
Its gross that yall are politicizing the deaths of fallen soldiers to get your pseudo-patriotic rhetoric points across and into the trash can.
For those of you participating in the that truly care about veterans, please donate your or any other unwanted clothing instead of destroying them.
Kudos to . It's time corporate America stands up to the from and his cult. , go ahead burn your 's you ignorant goobers. Wrap um in bread wrappers like said she did when she tried to compare herself to .
Burning clothing instead of giving it to the veterans smart, really smart
If Adidas or Puma would like to boost their American market share, here's a good start for their next ad campaign... try patriotism! $NKE
So the is a little dumb. Rednecks are destroying items they already purchased Hey, how bout donate them to Goodwill or Salvation Army instead, you know, actually help someone in need.
My favorite part of the is now, in some parts of the country, half my wardrobe makes me controversial
Americas Thrift and Salvation Army both have VETERANS programs and these false patriots are burning $100 shoes. Morons.
this is exactly what Putin wants. Open your eyes yall! America is destroying itself from the inside out!
I think I'm going to go to today and buy some products. thank you for starting this movement and drawing the eyes of America to this issue.
I wonder if those military Men and Women might have an issue with this ad campaign?
Hey love your new spokesman!A man who wears socks, kneels for National Anthem , is disrespectful, donates money to organization named after a convicted killer (go ahead libnuts fact check it) - great job Nike.
I am a boomer, and I am NOT into the . I respect what has been doing, and think better of for making him their spokesmodel.That said, they have exactly 22 shoes that *might* fit my quite wide foot.
Bye, bye Nike. Good luck with your activism! Should have called Dicks, Yeti or Target first. Don't hire anti-American losers.
What I find disrespectful are the folks who talk, laugh, etc. while our Anthem is being played, not some guy on a knee.
Sounds American... turn your back on American company Nike for something foreign... lol.
What did he sacrifice ? He walked out of his million dollar contract and still got paid millions by Nike. Meanwhile another police officer is gunned down and another soldier is killed. Selfish greed
I really dont care. Im a veteran, what he does on sundays doesnt upset me nor is it directed at the flag or veterans. I sure as hell dont think the President should be threatening owners or the NFL over the issue. Do your job and quit crying all the time.
I don't do politics, not what I'm paid for, but if you're one of those planning to burn or throwaway your shoes and apparel as part of some , please instead donate that clothing to your local Goodwill, Salvation Army, Church, Temple, etc.
Concerning those of you cutting up your Nike gear due to Kaepernicks endorsement, Instead of tearing up your stuff, why not donate them to the homeless veterans y'all claim to care about?
There arent nearly as many goofy red-faced fake patriots popping a neck vein and burning their clothes as I was expecting. Gives me hope.
Wouldnt it be something if the people burning their Nikes would donate them to kids who dont have shoes. THAT would be truly American.I mean after all, they already paid Nike for the shoes.
I will be BUYING MORE NIKE gear!!! Thanks NIKE for standing up for American values
We will destroy the anti American Nike brand
I stand with my country and our veterans....
I will be BUYING MORE NIKE gear!!! Thanks NIKE for standing up for American values
Nike sells athletic gear all over the world. I don't think they're too concerned about a small portion of American mouth breathers most of whom don't wear athletic gear anyway.
Misguided Patriots: Don't burn your Nike gear. Donate.
Shall we play a game, ?Let's trade patriots. Your turn.
Why donate them the homeless and vets don't want the either.
I think its funny all these clowns saying they are going to Reebok lol dont they know that its owned by a German company ?? So patriotic all of you !
I will be BUYING MORE NIKE gear!!! Thanks NIKE for standing up for American values
Let me know when Kaepernick has ever known sacrifice.. Nike will feel the wrath of Patriots for rewarding anti-America behavior. I stand for the Flag & I kneel for the cross. I stand WITH military, America &
I'm truly thankful Nike chose Anti-American Kaepernick as their faceman. It inspired me to learn more about the Co & their practices. They're HORRID!!! Kaepernick is actually a step up for Nike & he's on his knees!
hey yall burning your Nike merch for the , why don't you donate that shit to the homeless veterans that you pretend to care so much about?
I would, but I cant even afford to buy their mostly Chinese made products. They pay peanuts. I dont think they have an American plant
Americans wearing ADIDAS? The end is near
Great my feed is full of a bunch of crying people burning and cutting up apparel. Here is how you can help Americans go donate the clothes you morons.
now the homeless vets are on the minds and concerns of those who defend the Kaepernick endorsement.Hey these homeless vets sacrificed more than Kaepernick Putting on socks is soooo hard
"Americans"
Nike's Kaepernick Ad Has Cost The Company Over $4 Billion So FarPre market shares down 3%When will they ever learn. Stay the course Patriots.
I will be BUYING MORE NIKE gear!!! Thanks NIKE for standing up for American values
The vets would rather go nude than put on than crap!
American Patriot: Look at that liberal scum over there.Other Patriot: Yeah, fucking snowflake. Anyways, were you up burning your clothes and crying over an ad last night too? <-wrong spelling btw people
nike swoosh is now a symbol of hate, and you think a veteran would wear them! ha
I hate Nike but not for the Kaepernick print ad.He's a hero.
Does your Nike owned product make sense to you idiots??? Oh yea you did vote for who cut funding for vets,,, but thats ok with you morons
Half of the military has these on WHILE serving. You think the military is about to boycott Nike?? NO. Y'all sound dumb. I'll see y'all at the next Jordan drop! With my vapormaxes on lol
This in the grand scheme of things is not going to affect Nike yall realize they are a GLOBAL company? Also considering they have the NFL locked in for the next 10 years. Theyre not worried about a small percentage of Americans not buying their products anymore.
In "honor" of the and the unAmerican dimwits promoting it, I'm wearing one pair of Chucks & shopping online for another.(Converse, maker of Chuck Taylor high tops, is owned by Nike)
So-called conservatives spent this weekend bashing POW War hero and Senator John McCain only to turn around and by burning Nike Apparel claiming Kaepernick is the problem.
Any prideful boycotters please burn Nike gear whilst wearing said Nike gear to prove that you are a true patriot. Thanks.
Since when was kneeling disrespect? And now that Nike's taking a stance, y'all are concerned with the kids in the sweatshops. It's fake issue selection to deflect from the fact that a man has been demonized for speaking out about something real. I'mma buy some Nikes.
Hey , instead of doing your , why not doing something good with them and donate them to homeless veterans who may have no shoes, since you're the party of the military after-all?But of course, you won't.
Replace this as your profile image if you love America!
Call & inquire why they hate Americas Heroes?
Replace this as your profile image if you love America!
The only thing this shows me is that Has integrity Which overcomes negativity
Replace this as your profile image if you love America!
We need to get over this more important things going on in this country then WORRING of this nonesense
The stupidity of burning your own clothes and shoes that Nike already profited off of. This is not how a boycott works. You could have donated that gear to the homeless vets yall claim so much to care about.
Instead participating in the by burning their products in fits of nationalistic rage, how about donating them to the homeless and the poor?After all, isn't that the thing to do?As a disabled Veteran, I'd really appreciate that.Thanks in advance.
I'm sure Nike is shaking in their shoes over the prospect of losing the $10s of dollars they make off rural Americans.
Our flag our most sacred emblem, our national anthem a sacred moment, kneeling shows the highest amount of disrespect and is screaming your hatred for this country, pure and simple.
Dış güçler şu an kendi oyunlarını bozuyor vatandaşımızı göreve davet ediyorum eksik kalamayız
Attack and try to diminish Pat Tillman all you want but you can't change the facts. Kaepernick is a fraud. CK doesn't know what it means to sacrifice everything and neither does Nike. So yes, Americans need to wake up.
If you are boycotting Nike you are not a patriot, you are nothing more than a snowflake.
Replace this as your profile image if you love America!
U would rather cut and burn your Nike gear instead of giving it to some of these homeless veterans yall act like yall care about?
Lol there are 194 other countries in this world who couldnt care less about Americas national anthem that buys Nikes. I promise you the isnt hurting anyone
Vets need to keep warm this winter,
Who is dividing this country now to make money?
Could boycott America next? No one will miss them.
Replace this as your profile image if you love America!
Replace this as your profile image if you love America!
is there something srs gg on in america rn? whats this all about?
I still don't understand how any of this is "disrespecting" a flag.
The greatest military in the world believes in something all while knowing they may be sacrificing everything. That's why I stand and that is why i will never purchase another product
honestly adidas makes the better football uniforms anyway
to hell with & buy pro American
you are the definition of a Patriot and you will forever be a hero in so many eyes. , for every fan youve lost, youve gained so many for life.
still not as disrespectful as a great league like the making their main apparel sponsor for a decade.
More important than the let me remind you that you're more offended by a sneaker ad than the fact that 3000 AMERICANS died in Puerto Rico and our government was more than complicit with it
is a lifestyle. Y'all think the military is going to boycott Nike while wearing military boots with the swoosh on them?? The irony
Nike takes a knee now.. Bill Bowerman is spinning in his grave.
Burning the clothes and shoes you ALREADY PAID FOR isn't hurting Nike one bit. Here's an idea - why not donate to the needy veterans you supposedly care about?
Since yall so care for the veterans, here is a suggestion for all you undercover KKK members
So we're gonna instead of changing the reason why took a knee? This country, I tell ya.
As a veteran, I have enough shoes...
I Proudly Served 6 Years in I Would Never Kneel For Our Countries National Anthem , Respect For Our Flag and Country
Goodbye Nike. Very disappointed in your company and its offensive lack of honor. I will never buy anything from you again...
I think it will only affect middle America sales if Im being honest
I find it interesting that ever since Kaepernick began kneeling, that was when people who never said shit about veterans before hand, began shouting their love and care for them. Despite this, our homeless veteran situation still hasnt changed.
To the people that's cutting the out of the socks how about giving them away to a homeless shelter that would be somewhat (Making America Great Again)
Heres a thought. Lets donate all of our perfectly fine Nike apparel to homeless vets instead of destroying them to try to prove a point....
If you had any doubts about whether John Brennan's security clearance should have been revoked, this should erase any of those doubts. This guy is an anti-American mole.
Since Nike owns Converse and Hurley also, will those items be burned too?If you respect the military and the vets then donate them to the vets. Alot of them are homeless.
RT eugenegu "RT fawfulfan: Here's an idea. If you think America's veterans deserve more respect, why not donate your clothes to a veterans' charity instead of cutting them up with scissors like a dumb, spiteful little brat? "
again a huge corporation thinks they're doing what everyone wants. News flash: all Americans don't think like this, which is why Donald Trump won. Stop listening to the mainstream media.
Here is your answer, You can't hate America and ask Americans to fund your hatred. You can now graduate to the first grade
Keep it going 3% isnt enough for making an hero out of a thug.
Nike chose as its role model. is the perfect response. Lets show why it matters. So should be the movie on Neil Armstrong & all the Football matches by players who kneel to say F$$k America.
shame on you Nike you are ante-AMERICA your new spokeperson shame onyou never Nike
U all burn ur nikes but step over homeless veterans on ur way to work to bitch abt patriotism! Give ur shoes and Sox to the homeless instead of burning them!
Everyone want to talk about how disrespectful Nike is to veterans, yet they wanna burn their shoes instead of donating them to the homeless vet on the street. Makes sense.
Nike stock down almost 3% in pre-market trading.Respect our national anthem; respect the principles upon which this country was founded, and those who defend our great nation!
learned the hard way Guess only watch . will not stand by and allow you to disrespect
People pissed about the Nike campaign should donate their Nike gear to homeless veterans or to people that actually needs it. Instead of throwing it away or burning it.
And everyone says this is Trump who is dividing the country
A refresher about how Trump thinks youre supposed to respect our military!
Some people step up to become heroes...But others decide to disrespect them on a global stage.
While yall acting patriotic and fake FLINT DOESNT HAVE CLEAN WATER. Be mad over that instead of
you lose and now you want to go at half the country... who is behind the wheel over there??
Im sick of yall and this fake patriotism. Yall only care about veterans when they fit your agenda
*ding* RT : Here's an idea. If you think America's veterans deserve more respect, why not donate your clothes to a veterans' charity instead of cutting them up with scissors like a dumb, spiteful little brat?
If u don't want those Nike's, y not give them to a homeless veteran instead of burning them????
Good morning Patriots! So this week we will be reliving the 2018 election night with the confirmation hearing of Brett Kavanaugh! Make sure to buy extra popcorn and a large container to hold the liberal tears!
Says one America hater to the other.
Does anyone remember Schlitz beer? It was the selling brew in the country until they threatened to kill anyone who didn't drink it.
Heres why I say ignorant people ...youd rather CUT & BURN your apparel u ALREADY PAID for than DONATE them to struggling VETERANS you make such a big deal about being so called disrespected. Thats ignorant.
Actions have consequences. should have thought twice before telling Patriotic Americans to F-off.
no Nike for me or my family. Youre trying to Make America Weak.
Donate your Nike clothes, do not destroy them, to those homeless vets that Kap is somehow disrespecting
trumps "americans" couldn't wait for a but where was the outrage when a Republican American hero died from cancer & your president flew the American flag at full mast? Where's the outrage when he spends $13M a month mostly on golf outings? Pawns on the board!
PLEASE take advantage of the and capitalize on your Americana line! We need a way to stand up against Nike's stupid decision!
Why buy a DISRESPECTFUL-TO-AMERICA brand like when u have so many other options?
To reduce them to one ad about one ex player out of context of everything else they do for sport in this country is like cutting off your nose to spite your face. Disclaimer: While I dont own shares I am Nike loyal and Nike obsessed. $NKE
burning shoes kneel is not an attack to the Flag or what it represents. Kneel is what about the treason to America?
im not american but were still not doing this (i needed trainers for school but still)
So the is over some American footballer being the face of the Nike advertisement despite him taking a knee?Umm....okay, we all know American Football isn't really a sport but whatever.
Why give a vet something that is hateful towards them?? I would also rather burn it, crap on it, cut it up, and donate something new from a company that does not disrespect them. Grow up Matty, you spiteful little brat
But dont you kneel to pray to God? That flag gets more respect? Congratulations Kaepernick! For this achievement
Make you boycott the Army Academy if they don't burn their jerseys. Don't go half stepping now Trumpsters.
People want to boycott now but silent when shots were aimed at true patriot in !
Man republicans really hate for disrespecting the military. It's like he said he only prefers veterans who don't get capture or something crazy like that?
Stay away from Nike trash. They honor the dishonorable.
so disrespectful.
when I see the swoosh I see hatred for our police and veterans and hatred for my country
and remember the old days when people respected and though horrible it was mostly girls getting raped
Dear boycotters, heres your chance to prove all lives matter by donating the items youre destroying to those in need (i.e. the homeless, vets, etc).But, that wouldnt make for a great tweet huh? Or, is that entirely too logically?
For those considering a watch this video about why NFL players kneel during the anthem (hint: it has nothing to do with veterans or the flag).
Wait these MAGAtards are actually destroying their Nike gear, whilst hollering about the vets, whom they could be donating these things to?! I-
America. Where soon we won't be able to buy anything, watch anything, or eat anything....since EVERYTHING will be boycotted.
I love my country enough not to ignore the issues that is making ALL Americans suffer.
Make America Not So Sensitive Again
It would have been more helpful to have donated all of that Nike gear to homeless veterans than to burn it.
How real patriots feel about your
Cant wait to see all those patriot gun toting Crossfit athletes burning their metcons... or wearing Reebok.
I bet majority of the people burning their Nike apparel for this havent served one minute in the military.
Thank God I dont own a Chevy. They burn up on their own. These companies siding with anti-American, illogical left wing nuts are making America great again. No one will be wearing their products anymore. Doesnt get more American than a good ole boycott
Nike is Anti-Cop, anti-American. Period.
Instead of throwing away your gear, why not donate it to homeless veterans or people in other countries?Charities like will take the shoes.
There's a little group you've probably never heard of called The Beatles who enraged real Americans way back in the 1960's and had their albums burned as a result. You might want to think about that Nike. You don't want to be written out of history like The Beatles.
John I bet you got your ass kicked all the time when you were a kid. They didnt hand out participation trophies then. Is that why you hate my country.
The veterans health administration has disrespected our veterans much worse than kapernick
Please pretend that you really care about our Veterans by donating to many organizations helping homeless veterans or donate your stuff to Goodwill.
Disrespecting the flag? For me its about KarperDICK disrespecting police officers.
A lot of soldiers believed in something and sacrificed a lot more than everything. Their life, God bless America
Instead of cutting and burning your cloths like idiots, if you really cared about veterans, why don't you donate them to a shelter? You know, for all the homeless veterans you're also not helping.
In what alternate universe is it disrespectful for to say "this has nothing to with the vets", but it's not disrespectful to make the vets salute and call a 5 time deferment "Mr. President", or it wasn't disrespectful when he mad fun of injured pow?
If the people boycotting Nike are ‘true patriots then instead of cutting and burning the Nike products they already payed for, they would give their products to those in need, and to those who would value the clothing.
. Since nike decided to further working with an anti American that started a wave of disrespect in our great country,i will no longer wear or buy any of your products
Daily reminder that has been more disrespectful to the flag, veterans and law enforcement then anything even the most dishonest interpretation of what Kaepernick has done. So you Cult45 hypocrites need to STFU about a
is a global brand; I dont think they are concerned with a couple million butt hurt Americans
This what a real American hero looks like
Believe me a lot of the things being burned were on their way to the rag bin anyway the coveted items are still folded away in the drawer
Democrats should consider from Democrat party they are on the wrong side of many things especially respecting the police. Most are good men and woman who put their lives in danger for minimum pay.
To the idiots participating in the and throwing out clothes or burning them how about donating them to homeless veterans, batterered women and children who desperately need them.
The national anthem is a sacred ritual of our most sacred emblem, his actions scream to everyone that he believes this country sucks. He also ruined football to further the "hands up don't shoot" lie or someday soon
wouldnt survive under a country run by Castro, who is a fan of.Its called capitalism & we as consumers dont have to buy or wear Nike overpriced shoes & apparel!
Hey folk, dm me and I'll send you an address where you can send all your Nike gear (preferably new) for safe disposal, and we'll let Nike know you're a patriot and don't stand with them.
Kaepernick took a knee out of respect for veterans not to disrespect the flag. Crazy how the media has hyped this!!
I see my tweet didn't get much traction so I retortHere me out, those of you engaging in the that money you're going to save...And donate it to our Veterans. Here is a list of where you can donate.
Somewhere in America, theres someone tying their Chuck Taylors extra tight for a FB pic post.
If you really were patriotic, you stop reproducing
As a person who works with veterans. A lot of them are homeless, barely have clothing and are in great need. Please donate instead of burning. If you really care about the veterans know what they are r ally going through.
Donate your Nike stuff to to a homeless veteran
was NEVER about the flag or soldiers .....ya f*ckin jagoffs !
All these people boycotting Nike would rather burn their Nike clothes and shoes than donate them to all the homeless veterans out there. Yall are a trip. Start loving more.
the national anthem is a sacred ritual of our most sacred emblem, his actions scream to everyone that this country sucks. He also chose the one place we can escape politics to further the "hands up don't shoot" lie or someday soon
An unpatriotic company in an unpatriotic city, in and unpatriotic state full of liberals that hate America.
People doing the are exactly what is wrong with this country.
The only reason I know the uncles of America wont stop buying.
*** Plz dont burn your nike apparel - DONATE IT to a Veterans Charity!
says a lot about Americans when they are burning shit they bought it already and will buy more when they aint Big Mad
Destroying merchandise that you already purchased? Why not donate to homeless veterans? Silly logic.
If forcing everyone to perform the government song ritual before sporting events has nothing to do with militarism, then why are all these anti- people including their military affiliations in their diatribes?
No boycott for me!! I'm going out and buying me some Nikes! an American tradition!!
not a American so cant have a real opinion
Its this simple; if you are boycotting Nike. You have no clue what is going on in this country.
Oh My, so went Un-American long ago.
Les boys & girls l'heure est grave faut s'habiller en sergio tachini
Hey , don't burn your Nike, donate it to a Homeless Vet Charity! If you have to burn something & your normal Cross Burning hookup isn't available, that POS Chevy your driving will work has a deal with Chevolet tooMake sure to stand close to it
I remember when boycotting actually served a purpose not publicity and that's what Nike is doing
People will throw away/burn shoes & clothes before even considering donating them to the veterans they claim to care so much about. ?
You can burn your Nikes if you want but you'll get no refunds and Nike already got your money. based on ignorance & opposite of what soldiers fought for...
Let's compare.... Everyday the people destroying their gear over desecrating or disrespecting the American Flag?? = Winners
move Nike......if you have no respect for the country......leave it......and leave the money you made here for people who needed it.
Mfs Real Live Boycotting NIKE ... This Country Is Some Shit Rl Cuz And Yall Coons Need To Wake Up Them Honkys Dont Care About You...
And another day in the life of Americans that dont understand anything. Split Nation
Instead of participating in a and burning your clothes and shoes donate them to those who in need..People say they Love the America but have the darkest and most hateful hearts in the world..
Ah yes, burn an item of clothing that Nike already profited off of instead of donating it to your veterans you claim to give a shit about. MaKe AmErIcA gReAt AgAiN.
True Patriotism is not loyal to man only to Country for Foundry.
You care about America, and someone disrespecting a flag, but instead of donating your Nike apparel to PEOPLE IN NEED, youre destroying it. Yes, that really shows how much you care about America.
You cannot denigrate our most sacred symbol and ritual to further a poisoned agenda and get away with it. You also likely will not celebrate anti-american sentiments as a company and make a profit with American money, stupid
You know its awesome when John Brennan and The Iranians stand up for you. Traitor sticking up for an unpatriotic turd.
Preach. Ill be damned if I spend another cent on Nike products. There needs to be a veteran in their new ad, not some jackass who disrespects the country that made it possible for him TO LIVE AND BREATHE.
If you wear Nike, you are promoting a company that stands behind a man who disrespects THIS great country
Half of these folks on haven't helped a vet buy McDonald's, but are outraged about . Y'all gotta miss me with the fake outrage.
I think should draft Kaperdick to the military
Im a Veteran and a proud republican but I think this whole thing is stupid. A private company can do whatever they want.
Believe in something Nike, believe in America.
Any IDIOT who kneels for the National Anthem should move their mindless dumbasses to another country if they hate America so much.
Your security clearance is still revoked, John Brennan. But thanks for chiming in. Your take is meaningless, traitor. May you face a military tribunal soon. (Colin Kaepernick)
SOME UGLY SHOES! YOURE NOT A REAL MARINE I KNOW THATS FOR SURE.. COLIN AND NIKES VALUES ARE CORRUPT AND ANTI-AMERICAN! HOW DARE U CALL YOURSELF A MARINE...
Whats worse, making an American hater the face of their Country? Or the hundreds of sweatshops they have in 3rd world Countries?
You guys are really going to destroy or throw away Nike stuff you already spent your money on? You Americans are something else.
how about you fools donate your nikes to the vets you care so much about?!
Donate any clothes to vets But still
Whats a brand them folks dont wear so i can feel American again
Today's shopping list: 2 pair of new Nike's, Nike socks and a couple of Nike shirts. Don't worry Nike -- these idiots will come crawling back when they realize that being an American isn't about worshipping the flag, it's what the flag stands for.
"I stand for American. So I'm burning these here Nike shoes"*Has no idea Nike owns fire.*.
I am an American Army Veteran who applauds Nike decision to sign Kaepernick. Instead of burning your clothing enlist, or are you a fake patriot?
Theyll never admit it, but the outrage of the has nothing to do with patriotism. They wouldnt be enabling Trump if they were patriots.
As a proud Oregonian, as a proud American, I say ! Lets All come November.
NOT a hero!!!
don't see any difference between burning a flag, walking over a flag like the Mullahs do in Iran or kneeling during national anthem and disrespect the flag.
Deserves all the retweets
NEVER AGAIN. No more Nike. Krapernick is a low-life, disrespectful scumbag. Ditto John Brennan.
Go ahead trumpers, boycott nike. By the way your hero committed treason, nbd.
The flag is disrespected every day that we decide to wear it on our clothes, backpacks, bandanas, and even on our sports uniforms. So the real question now is who is disrespecting the flag?
If you love America, never shop at Nike again.
Way to piss off half the Country ! My family wont be buying any.
Republicans are tired of trashing a POW during his funeral and are now back to hating the unpatriotic guys
Instead of destroying, burning or throwing away your Nike products why don't you give them to the millions of homeless veterans you're pretending to care about.
Why? I am also a Veteran but this whole kneeling thing does not bother me.
Im bout to go buy more clothes...If anything we should be boycotting the the army, police officers, any organization thats going around killing babies and children here and other countries.....
Wassup SA? Here's the best hip hop project in the country so far, please check it out and share: . Much Love. Stay blessed.
How about y'all donate those clothes to the homeless veterans you claim to care about?
Artificial intelligence colluding with hackers served Hitler
There are homeless vets on the streets. Theyd appreciate the shoes and products
I CAN DONATE TO THE VETS BUT NOT , THAT BRAND IS VERY CLASSLESS AND GHETTO. A VETERAN DESERVES MORE!
Love seeing ignorant conservative deplorables burn their stuff! Wah mu flag my feelings mu anthem!!Hey Nike good on you way to have respect for people and progress!
The will ultimately end up consisting of 200 people out of the 300 million in this country destroying $54 worth of stuff that was purchased in 2013
I am an AMERICAN.Nike is not.Myself and my children will NEVER wear Nike again.
We should create our own hashtag instead of lets to our homeless vets instead. If you feel the need to burn go to your local VA Im sure plenty of homeless vets will gladly wear your clothes.
The will be nothing comparted to an IOC ban of all products at sporting events. Showing disrespect during a antional athem is a violation of IOC rules.
People still arguing over veterans feelings about and ? Guess African Americans purposely sent to the frontlines of war in history dont count...
So another day, another boycott, this time by the other side. I swear this country is filled with perpetual adolescents.
Thats it. As a true patriot I will only buy real American brands like Adidas and Puma !
ATTENTION ALL RED BLOODED PATRIOTIC AMERICANS!Buy AMERICAN from an AMWRICAN company from the !!Since 1908, has been making shoes for the greatest basketball players of ALL TIME!(before it was liberal & PC)
RT : RT : . Nikes are made in sweat shops overseas. Colin Kaepernick is anti-American. Match made in heaven.
Blessed to walk into work...Army Vet
Is gonna turn into the new near military bases.
The is sad bc they don't even understand how to boycott. You don't buy stuff to burn dummies. It's ok, you're new at acting American, gotta start somewhere.
THIS is what real sacrifice is! THIS is what standing for something means. Nike coddles their fave SJW princess while REAL heroes who have made REAL sacrifices shop elsewhere. can kiss my ass!
Here's an idea. If you think America's veterans deserve more respect, why not donate your clothes to a veterans' charity instead of cutting them up with scissors like a dumb, spiteful little brat?
Fuck Nike anti-American bastards!
RT : . Nikes are made in sweat shops overseas. Colin Kaepernick is anti-American. Match made in heaven.
!!! God bless TRUE PATRIOTS!!!
sacrifices absolutely nothing, is wealthier than the majority of Americans, disrespects the flag, and gets treated like a hero.
Donate your clothes, shoes etc to shelters, Goodwill , Salvation Army, Veterans pretty sure they would appreciate it then you destroying the items you already own.
HOW DARE YOU DISRESPECT AMERICA?! IF YOU DONT LIKE IT LEAVE LIBERAL...
I dont watch sports nor do i watch tv, I don't buy expensive things either. I go to hooters for the food and the view, and i enjoy papa John's pizza with the garlic sauce. media and politics are ruining this country. it's time to sit down and share family time again.
I NEVER OWNED A NIKE ITEM IN MY LIFE... BUT I WILL DONATE SOMETHING TO THE VETERANS A MORE CLASSIER THAN A GHETTO BRAND LIKE NIKE.
Whats the difference between a real American and a communist?? A communist burns the American flag A real American burns their Nikes
If someone votes democrat. I pity this country and the future of our kids
Omg I thought the was a joke. Then I realized people really are destroying their own clothes for America. Yall needa call down. Leave the swoosh alone
For this Im going to buy two pairs of sneakers instead of one. Thanks for showing some true American spirit, .
Let me get this straight. You rather destroy perfectly good clothing that you paid for and let them rot in a landfill! Than to actually donate them to homeless veterans who are going to need that gear for the winter?? I thought you guys cared about our vets??
Typical American bullshit. Boycott Nike for Colin Kaepernic but not for the sweat shops in Vietnam!!
VETERANS WILL NOT WEAR THEM NOW THAT'S WHY
Burning your Nike clothing or shoes coz a draft dodger believes kneeling 4 the national anthem is disrespectful. Avoiding the draft 5 times is disrespectfulDonnie with all his money appreciates u poor people burning Nike items. Here's a veteran's stance
I love Nike already; time to buy two more pair ! They stand for American Values.
A Real Hero
For all the ignorant people out there that are participating in the , please watch this beautifully composed video, it might give you some respectful insightOH Y'ALL MAD? Colin Kaepernick Inks New Deal With Nike. via
If people so upset about and really cared about the homeless, veterans, and homeless veterans so much, maybe instead of burning/throwing away their stuff, they should instead donate it to these people or groups that help them.
Thank you for standing alongside a hero! ITS NOT ABOUT PATRIOTISM!!!
Does make cheerleader uniforms?
I have family in the military and as such I say a big poop you go Nike. Yall should be ashamed of yourself
LOVES & is NO HERO
Any body that owns stock in this American Hating company better call your stock brokers and sell it fast. Nike is going down!
Why are Americans always so dramatic?
Nike,to me, now means Anti-American.Anyone wearing Nike gear is the enemy of the States. Myself, or My kids, will never wear anything Nike again. NEVER
I don't really need a new pair but I plan to order a pair of Nike's;maybe two pair this morning. Nike is a company that stand for Christian values & American values.
So is the apparel/clothing version of ...both worthless anti American trash. More .
The will ultimately end up consisting of 249 people out of the 327 million in this country destroying $46 worth of stuff that was purchased in 2011
sacrificing absolutely nothing, disrespecting our flag, and getting treated as hero...
Youre going to destroy shoes that youve already paid for?! Nike already has your money. Real smart. Im wearing my today. How about donating your nikes to vets & people/families in need instead if you want to be truly patriotic.
Screw both of you un-American pieces of shit!!!! Never buy Nike Again. MOVE TO CANADA ASSHOLE!
So, they believe in this anti-America hating thug? I've spent my last dime on ANYTHING ... enjoy your decision you idiots!
So instead of donating your Nikes to homeless Veterans, yall gonna burn em! oh okay,
Oh you crazy AmericansNike is going to be Ok! ... as Donald says the Canadians smuggle all the shoes over the border anyways
Nothing more American than my Michael Air Jordans I love so fuck your
How many of you psuedo patriotic Americans actually do anything for veterans? Volunteer? Donate? What do you do daily for veterans since you're so passionate about veterans? Truth is You don't give a damn about veterans, a flag, or an anthem. FOH...NO
Kaepernick didn't sacrifice anythin. He wants people to think he's a martyr.He didn't do this until his career was over. 1-11 in last 12 starts.He is a traitor to his own country.My family wi never buy a pair of
(YOU) really messed this one up Bigly... Now you will feel the pain from Middle Class Americans..
So yall can boycott over politics but were not supposed to question why chose a man who disrespects the flag, wears pig socks, hates the police and worships Castro? .
┳┻| ┻┳|┳┻|┻┳|┳┻|┻┳|┳┻|┻┳|┳┻|┻┳|┳┻|┻┳|┳┻|┻┳|┳┻|┻┳|┳┻| _ Its never been about the flag┻┳| •.•) or the anthem. Also, you could┳┻|⊂ﾉ have donated those shoes to┻┳| a veteran in need.
Maybe instead of burning your Nike apparel, help some Vets by donating those perfectly good clothes to a homeless Veteran?
Shocking to see how full of hate a number of people are - as they openly admit they are doing a . I hope that their messages will be duly noted and treated with the disrespect they deserve. By their words we will know them. It defies logic and love for fellow humans.
I'm keeping my shoes from falling apart with super glue, but please - tell me how you're a hero for choosing to destroy yours.
Me neither. They are not comfortable! But maybe if they made an American flag sneaker I'd reconsider!
These Nike boots Im about to buy will sure look good in my uniform!
to One Man Army by on
Nike wasn't very popular with real America before this. Now.....they can go straight to hell.
sad but my family is walking away, a better brand anyhow! My family definitely spends over 1k a year too on Nike shoes let alone socks, shirts, balls, gloves, bands, etc. No more, we stand and respect the fallen!
This is America where is actually a trending and yall all trash for getting butthurt if you dont want your Nike gear let me know
their are so many real hero's and you chose a zero
Kenya is worse than Gotham City. Its a lawless country for the rich. Its a rogue nation with rogue thieves hiding behind government.From Unions to Commissions,Executive to Parliament. Judiciary to Police service. Its a train on devils rail
LOL . Huge. Worldwide. Beloved brand. No idiotic fake patriots with hurt feelings will change that. Knock yourselves out.
Not buying anymore Disrespecting the flag is not what my family aspires to.
this is what a true hero looks like
If people who to take a stand that are "disrespecting" the anthem, flag, nation, military or police, you have to wonder what that says about what those things are really about.
Done with Nike until they promote heroes, not craptivists.
Burn 'em? Who can afford 'em?? Certainly not most working Americans. (Maybe a clearance sale...) is easy. Buy something you can afford. is easy. Go to local high school football on Fridays; Sunday, go to church, then spend time with the family.
- lets destroy a franchise by disrespecting the flag - hold my soy latte
On a given night, around 40k veterans live in homeless shelters; while, 15k veterans are unsheltered or living on streets.Instead of destroying your Nike apparel, donate them to the veterans you supposedly care about.
Someone needs to let me know another time when kneeling before anything was considered anything but respectful.
American's are the worst when it comes to boycotting. Y'all forget so easily. I bet you guys couldn't even boycott tea again even if you had to.
For the few that are burning your Nike shoes & throwing out clothes, instead of participating in , why not donate the clothing & shoes?There are shelters for homeless veterans, battered women & children that would love to have them.Lets see your true heart...
So the is actually real? Lol Im so done with this country. Any other countries offering up citizenship?
Give your Nike gear to Goodwill or Salvation Army if you no longer want to wear it. Destroying it is a waste if your money.
The pair of I own will be my last pair b/c has signed a deal with America-hating, multi-millionaire (& their shoes are too fucking expensive anyways). Can't call it a b/c they'll still make millions (& not pay their workers).
Ill never wear as long as they will have an America Hater as their spokesperson. All my clothes will be donated to local charities for the homeless and not burned so we can still help those in need.
Big mistake Nike. Americans will speak with their spending.
So all the America-haters on this issue jive w this guy?
So, to summarise, there are Americans out there who are mad at Nike for not being down with the unlawful killing of Americans.
instead of burning and cutting their Nike gear...how about donating them to the UNEMPLOYED VETERANS that they swear they care so much about. Or the less fortunate since everybody so PATRIOTIC
They wont serve you in Chik Fil-A or In-N-Out if you arent wearing shoes.
Americans deserve Trump
Definitely will never purchase any Nike products. I am American!!!!
For all those who voted for Trump and are about to burn your Nikes. You voted for a draft dodger that insulted a veteran/POW. And your outrage about the sweatshops? Well guess where Donald and Ivankas clothes are made?
Can some one please explain to me the connection between not kneeling to a flag and hating soldiers? Genuinely do not get how one is related to another
Bye , youre dead to real Americans.
Military veterans, former fans dump for hiring Colin Kaepernick: ‘Im never buying another Nike product again.'
I don't see any cowboys or Patriots jerseys, Jordans or LeBron/Curry/Irving jerseys burning..........
If you burn/destroy clothes and shoes instead of bringing them to a veteran charity, dont talk patriotism or honoring vets.You are throwing away something SOMEONE you say you respect needs to be spiteful and look cool on social media.It proves your outrage a lie.
Omg Ive said this before this is the reason this country is a joke boycott this boycott that over nothing grow up
Well you have a point, but history also remembers Charles Manson. Notoriety is not necessarly a badge of honor.
To every American patriot, Before you destroy your Nike stuff look at the label and tell me where its made. Now tell me why you're actually mad.
Idk how burning or cutting up Nike gear you already paid for is going to hurt them? What I do know is they already have your money so you're not hurting them but there are homeless vets and families who are in need and who are hurting be someone blessing you idiot
It's safe to assume that also views America's police officers as pigs.
Real talk... If you're down with this B.S... Then you're part of the problem. I hate fake patriots.
claims sacrifice is kneeling for the anthem? What about the men and women sacrificing their lives for this country?!?!
And while you're at it--don't forget to donate all your shirts. I'm sure the homeless veterans would appreciate this!
sorry i love america but my shoes are too fucking expensive to burn
So in outrage, some people are burning and destroying gear instead of donating it to the homeless, homeless vets, children, or others in need....
Nike hurt your feelings but monuments like Stone Mountain and Confederate statues are and enough of Nike disrespecting veterans worry more about our government paying our military soldiers a good wage.
All these people angry at by burning their stuff. They could instead donate these things to the homeless vets they care so much about.
Anti American Anti Veteran Company.
tweets like this in the really make you wonder how America has so much power and influence over the world a man cutting off half his socks at work give me strength
Instead of throwing away all your Nike gear, give it to the homeless veterans you pretend to care so much about
Hey sorry for the past disrespect in the shoe department.
Why the hell wouldn't you put the face of a American soldier instead of that loser. All he did was create havoc. Our soldiers sacrifice every day and some with their lives.. I will never buy anything Nike again..
I am not going to throw away stuff I already bought, but how could take one of the most iconic slogans and ruin it with cheap, anti-American hate like peddles
no more Nike shoes or apparel for me. Our military and police officers mean more too me.
If you are so outraged, instead of destroying shoes, DONATE them to people in need.Kids, Veterans, Homeless, etc good for the world
Nike is the symbol of the hate America crowd.
Reading some of these tweets: This country is clearly lacking in empathy. To some of these people even donating is out of the question. What a bunch selfish cry babies. Their political stance is more important than donating to people less fortunate.
everywhere I see a little plume of smoke I know another pair of Nikes gave their life at the hands of an idiot who doesn't understand what is about. I'm a veteran and I approve this ad.
was born and raised in Beaverton Oregon and Washington as raised coveting Nike anythingI boycotted Nike long before this Tom foolery their shoes suck Asics has overtaken them in my closet for their shoes are durable and comfortable
It is nice to see the meltdowns of these deplorables who say real Americans are this " good the liberals are such snowflakes! They are elites! They think they can boycott anything and everywhere!!" Then look at this Nike trend and see tantrums!
logic: "how dare athletes not stand for the anthem? That is disrespectful"...........................No problem with people flying the confederate flag
- your product sucks. The logo is ugly. Your spokesman is an anti-American, hate-promoting fool. I'd rather go barefoot.
One day I stood in line with my kids at a sporting goods store so they could get Kyle Ortons autograph. (then Chicago Bears QB.) It was a Toys For Tots promo. When it came our turn, I asked the 2 Marines standing guard for their autographs. THEY ARE THE HEROES
Wow, youd thought that halted pay raises for 31% of veterans in the federal workforce
Need proof that Americans have their head up their ass? Look no further than the
In America, Nike was honored , but no longer-siding with a communist anti-American who calls our Blue who lay down their lives for law and order-pigs? NEVER WILL BUY NIKE ANYTHING!
is a thing now? Im so glad I dont live in America
hey MAGA fools....Nike is an international brand! The brainless may boycott, but the world salutes Nike and Kaepernick's integrity, they'll win in the end.
If don't go and make a veteran or other true patriot the face of their campaign, they are truly underestimating the patriotism of this country.
- Great ad campaign, piss of 1/2 the country so that they will hate you forever. Bravo, morons!!!
Where can this Veteran get a refund for these Nikes??
Commodification of dissent is a time-honored Nike strategy.
ATTENTION: I am helping all Patriots dispose of their SIZE NINE Nike sneakers, LARGE Nike t-shirts, and LARGE gym shorts. DM me for info on where to send them.*No fee included
ppl stop burning it how about give it away to our struggling and homeless vets instead . Burn your trump hats for his campaign team being found guilty of working against its own country values and beliefs
I hope all those crazy Americans dont forget to take their NIKES off, BEFORE they set them on fire...
I fired yesterday. No need for them anymore ever for me. Being Anti-American is now it is the principle of the issue. We do not have to have your products at all.
This how you know ppl don't care about America or Americans if you truly cared about either you would donate the Nike gear you don't want do you know how many families can't afford new shoes or new clothes. Do you know how many kids go to school with torn shoes.
I might actually buy nikes again I boycotted them since 1996 You don't win silver, you lose gold." Ads Be told your not good enough is awful. However I understand my life matters.I will not agree with kneeling but I respect the hell out Kapernick defending our people
Make America great again. burn your nike gear.
Not relevant in 2 years, wasnt great when he played and now hes what, a figurehead? , doubt this will be as successful as you hope considering youre alienating the rational half of the country that actually has jobs to buy your product.
. Looks like Nike has decided to show some integrity, unlike the
It was never about disrespecting any flag... but you trumpettes knew that. Please continue with your little charade.
Why don't you trump morons donate your NIKE gear to veterans in need
Nike relays on sales in India and overseas than it relays on profit in America ... Nike puts America second and a trader to the flag first
Nike should make an american flag with a swoosh on it so these idiots can burn that too
Overpriced, overhyped, undervalued. Lack of American values.
American cop haters have no place in my budget or closet. and are the second reason why I won't vote for democrats. Liberals putting Americas murdered by illegals harbored in democrats is first.
People don't burn give them to the or . Better yet bye American Made .
Colin Kapernick is a controversial figure. Some see him as patriotic while others see him as unpatriotic. We'll be learning about this year. Your voice is important!
Instead of destroying your already paid for Nike sneakers, try donating to the millions of kids in need, homeless and homeless vets in this country.
This the new shoe of the American!
Donate all your Nike gear to the Salvation Army and other charities that help people inneed instead burning them and cutting them up!
Wow, a lot of Americans woke up in the middle of the night and decided to start a . Almost like their clocks were set to Moscow time.
So let me get this straight. This man, this great American who has done more for people while unemployed than EVER has as President is who your mad at?Yall can all EAT A DICK!
America, ?
Here me out, those of you engaging in the that money you're going to save...And donate it to our Veterans.
hates America and hates police. Bravo Phil. RIP.
How about comes out with an American flag inspired sneakers? Watch sales destroy
Nike wipes its shoes on the American flag
Dear Nike- glad you believe in something so much you are willing to lose everything. The American people will be more than happy to show you how that works.
I gave my shoes to a homeless guy. Do you know what he said? "I am a veteran. I can't wear Nikes".
Tough? Country or a sport ? or some cry baby millionaires?
If you believe in Country (RT) if you believe in Nike (Favorite)
Not enough World should give a lesson to America
I don't understand how ppl think taking a knee is disrespecting the flag.He did interviews about it.The guy who told him sitting is disrespectful, taking a knee is ok did interviews about many times do you need this explained to you?
at my newAMERICA IS FUCKING GREAT AGAIN HAT !!
Then why has he never taken a knee any other time then when we are paying respect to the flag?
Yeah we all want a sports logo worn by a benched America Hater. No thanks
I stand with Kaep, & America. You can do both
This whole shit is dumb as fuck. You dumb mother fuckers already paid for the shit, so youre only burning your own shit now. How about donate them to people in need, like a decent human? Or stop being blinded by false patriotism for a country that shits on you.
as everyone knows tweeting with the flag is upis disrespectful to the flag and our soldierstime to is another republican lie
Instead of burning your item's...why don't you give it to that vet you walk by everyday asking for money..that you ignore....if thats what you truly upset about..
If you really care about the Vets, what dont give them your nikes instead of burning them. There are many Vets homeless & barefoot in the streets.
When you do more for a military charity than maybe then calling him an asshat might be ok, until then sit down and STFU! Ill wait and watch in the coming years to see the amount of your donations! And Im sure I wont see anything!
This is selfish self entitled behavior. Dont wear it, consider donating to charity. Homeless veterans and the poor do not care about the politics of Nike. They care about having warm clothes and shoes
Good morning to everyone except who made Colin Kaepernick, an umemployed, cop hating, anti American, who wore socks depicting cops as pigs, the head of their campaignWhat a slap in the face to law enforcement everywhere!
I am old enough to remember when the left was burning American flags. Oh wait. They still are That really showed those stupid patriots who's boss, didn't it?
Americans burning their Nike products are fucking idiots. YOURE BURNING YOUR OWN ITEMS OF CLOTHING WHEN YOUVE ALREADY PAID FOR THEM and Nike already have your money. It solves nothing. The sane minded world will still buy from Nike...
When you see the bravery of a wealthy kid from a good family wearing pig socks & mocking the country that made him a millionaire it almost brings tears to your eyes. Such courage. if only could be 1/10th as brave.
has joined the list of those who do not respect the American flag nor those who defend it!
I threw out my Nikes and I will never buy another pair from that cop hating, military hating and America hating NIKE!!
I dont suppose anyone can explain to me how cutting out logos, burning shoes, or the actually helps veterans? What am I missing?
Pat TillmanFormer NFL playerGave his life for his CountryA true AMERICAN Hero
Can somebody please explain why I havent seen a video of people burning Converse is By your logic there should be some Fresh Homeless Veterans on tomorrow! Since everyone seems to care so much but do so little for them.
And America's favorite commie weighs in on it.
Anyone else notice it's always the people who do not serve in the military that keep running their mouths about what respecting the vets and flag means? Y'all forget it was a green beret who told to kneel?
Who is anti-cop? ! Do America & our law enforcement proud Pariots & lets do a bc for Anti-American !
